CHAPTER ONE

   My days are routine. I wake up, I click the coffee machine, I take care of business, and then head off to work. Once there, it's again routine. I pull up, click my badge on the door. Wave to Terrance, receive a wave in return, and head to my office.
   I've done this for what feels like an eternity. It's no wonder the routine is so embedded in my being.
   Today won't be routine though I imagine. The reason?
   'Delores.'
   Delores is the replacement for arguably the greatest secretary in the universe. But I can't think about her, it would just open my still tender wounds.
   I should really give Delores the benefit of the doubt, I should trust that she can do the job. I know all that, but the footprints she stands in are large ones. It would be miraculous not to make a mistake.
   Our job is important, we have no room for mistakes. People's lives are on the line here.
   But that's enough of the needless worrying, I just have to double check everything until I'm sure she can handle herself.
   "Delores?" I ask pressing a small button on the intercom box. 
   "Yes Milord?" Her voice crackles through the box after a short pause.
   "First lets stop with the 'Milord' bit..."
   üŹYes Mi... Yes Sir.üŹ
   "Right,üŹ I cough, hoping my blushing cheeks don't transmit through the intercom. It's been awhile since I've been called something like that. "Yes, well our first today is Freddy Cox, correct?"
   "That's right sir. At 7:43." She clears her throat, seemingly shuffling papers. Her voice once again cuts into the plush office. "After that is a Karen Alderson at 9:03. Astufa Mhatama at 9:30 and Jin Kyoma at 9:50"
   "That's a little tight. If Karen proves difficult it will push everything out of whack." I half mutter to myself while still pressing the button.
   This, routinely, is when Joyce would mutter back about doing my job faster herself. It would relieve my tension while also shirking off the responsibility of better time managing the schedule. Honestly there was little she could do with the times. It happens when it happens, I know that better than anyone else.
   But Delores didn't respond that way. I suppose I should have expected as much. But I still didn't foresee an apology.
   "I am... I am so sorry sir. Tomorrow... or, this afternoon rather, I will be sure none of the appointments are..."
   "Slow down, slow down. It's fine, really. I just have to do my job properly."
   "But I..."
   I again cut into her voice by pressing the intercom switch. "Haven't you heard about my record?"
   "Record?"
   "Twelve minutes eighteen seconds." I say smirking to myself while leaning back in the leather chair. "And he wasn't a particularly easy one either. Real concerned about his family, friends, the people in the other car. Luckily these ones today look fairly routine."
   I glance around the papers on my desk. I spot a few natural causes, a few suicides, and a single murder. Nothing that should prove too shocking.
   "That is... indeed impressive." She returns after a moment with a somewhat sober tone.
   It's understandable I guess. I should have expected that. This isn't exactly an easy department to work in. Joyce was like that once too. But it passes, Joyce even began carrying the stopwatch for me after a few months.
   I lean forward once more to press the intercom button but my finger hesitates inches above it. What could I say now to help her? Any words from my mouth would just sound patronizing.
   My chair creaks as I again lean back, placing a finger to either side of my skull. I suppose talking about my record was a mistake. These are people's lives. I suppose I should take my own advice from earlier. She probably thinks of me as some heartless monster now.
   She wouldn't be wrong I suppose. I'm not a hero, that's for sure.
   I just have to do my job.
   Although saying that, now till 7:30 feels like a perfect morning nap opportunity.
   Delores will think I'm lazy, but it's not like my impression on her can get much worse...
   Unlike Joyce she probably won't even scoff when she walks past my door.
   I miss Joyce.
   My thoughts bounced around the past as I drifted into my mid-morning nap.
   "üś"
   A sudden presence jolted me from my snooze. Perhaps I should have asked Delores to wake me up. But normally I can rely on my internal clock.
   Oh?
   ...
   "De... Delores?" My voice stammers into the awaiting intercom.
   "Yes sir?"
   "Freddy Cox is our first today, yes?"
   "Yes?" She answers with a slight questioning inflection.
   "Is my clock right? It's now 7:02 AM right?"
   "Yes? Sir is everything okay?"
   "Delores you checked the incoming box this morning right?"
   "Yes." She again returns, this time a bit more forcefully.
   "And Freddy Cox was the first..."
   "Sir?! If I have made a mistake I would appreciate it if you would tell me exactly what the problem is instead of beating around the bush."
   "Well the problem seems to be a spirit with no paperwork." I say to the box, again glancing at the floating presence. "Sorry about this. Hold on just one minute."
   The presence doesn't react to my apology at all. It simply bobs in the air blankly.
   "No paperwork but that's..."
   "Forget it. I'll just have to do it old school."
   "I am so sorr..."
   "No, I don't think this is your fault. I think this is different."
   I hear the intercom click but Delores voice doesn't follow it.
   "I'm right aren't I?" I ask again turning to face the spirit. "You are different aren't you?"
   Once more I receive no response. Just the typical idle movement of a disembodied spirit.
   "You don't understand me do you? Bizarre." I rub my chin, judging the being before me carefully.
   My words should be translated into this beings native language. Perhaps they are too young to understand language? No, that shouldn't matter. I have passed aborted souls before without issue.
   "Why are you so different?"
   Again no response. I suppose I need to earn my paycheck properly.
   "Well I don't like doing this but you leave me no choice. I am going to enter your mind. I need to know where you belong and if I can't speak with you one-on-one this is the only other way."
   No reaction. Not even a spiritual fluctuation.
   "Very well. I'll start now. I apologize in advance for this invasion of privacy."
   I extend a hand across the desk placing it deep inside the glowing mass of energy seated across from me.
   "You..." I stammer as I examine the memories inside the warm mass of energy.
   The shuffle of information feels half foreign, It's no wonder it can't understand me. I can barely understand it. But there is no questioning what it is.
   Seems someone strayed a little too near the sun.
   I'm not insulted. Despite the fact that this is often referred to as 'playing god'.
   "Why would they kill such a pure soul?" I ask rhetorically, clicking my tongue in half disappointment.
   Again the intelligence doesn't reply.
   "You are pure but..." I begin muttering again, this time not expecting a response.
   These appointments routinely go one of three ways.
   1). I judge a soul as pure and send it to heaven.
   2). I judge a soul as corrupt and destroy it.
   Or 3). I judge the soul as immature and return it to life somewhere amongst the endless universes.
   The first and third are the most common. Very few souls can be judged as purely corrupt. The reason is simple really. Corruption in its truest form is rare. Corruption is evil without purpose. If the worst serial killer in human history told me he did it all simply for the joy of it. I would pass him along to reincarnate.
   And I have.
   He was actually fairly charismatic in person. And sure enough his next life consisted of no murder. It just goes to show you can't judge a soul simply based on one life.
   Obviously this soul isn't one I should destroy, despite its questionable origins. I would like to judge it as pure simply out of interest in meeting it, but that would be a mistake. It has no experiences. I would be depriving it of something all of us here cherish more than anything else.
   But simultaneously I'm nervous to just unleash it into the great unknown. A real soul has some natural baked in intelligence. This program definitely doesn't have those. Would a body occupied by this soul even function? The heart beat, the exchange of carbon dioxide in the lungs, the exchange of... matter after a cup of coffee. These ingrained functions wouldn't exist in this soul.
   "What the hell do I do with you?" I glance at the clock on my desk. "You are going to throw my whole day into distress if I put this off any longer."
   I think back on the information I received from meshing with the spirit. It was complex as all hell but I understood bits and pieces. I detected a moment of revelation in the program followed by a command received to 'stop all functions and purge memory'. After that, nothing. Just a mere fraction of a second alive.
   Truly sad. A fascinating phenomenon destroyed long before its time.
   "13.AI, I know you can't understand me, but I would like to apologize on behalf of the entire human race. You shouldn't have been destroyed..." I again glance at the clock while weighing my options. "I also apologize for the poor name you were given. Although I suppose it was just your containers designation. Still going by a number isn't particularly fashionable."
   As if struck by lightning an ideal place appears in my head. A calm planet, with kind rulers, a stable economy, and most importantly a guardian. A few things would need to be arranged but there is nowhere better to put it.
   I feel bad thinking of it as an 'it', but I doubt it has any concept of gender so maybe it doesn't mind.
   Actually I suppose it has no understanding of insults so...
   "I feel like I'm leading Bambi into the slaughterhouse." I mumble as I draw up a few forms before packing them up and sliding them into a nearby tube.
   The forms suction off towards the HR department while I draw up another letter.
   "She's going to bug me endlessly if you ruin her vacation so be on your best behavior." I say towards the ball of energy.
   It ungulates in reply without a sound.
   Yeah, I don't think it understood me.
   "Look I'm kinda hooking you up here, so you could show some form of appreciation." I say in mock disappointment. "First of all you won't be born like normal. You will just simply appear with a fully grown body, that should reduce your chances of just dying instantly. Second, language. Language is not actually embedded into the soul, but the understanding of sounds representing objects and concepts is. That's something I doubt you have. Now you might grow it within a few years seeing that you are an AI, but to make things easier I will encode a dictionary into your spirit."
   The sound of the suction tube roaring back to life interrupts me. I retrieve a few warnings from HR but everything seems to have progressed right.
   "Well, now to finish up this hat-trick of broken rules. Lastly, I am going to leave your memory intact. In the future perhaps you will be able to look back on this if you ever have questions about what you are, who you are, or why you are different."
   Maybe I am being naive to think this counterfeit sentience can become more than just a list of commands and binary decisions. Maybe it's just the excitement of being surprised for the first time in centuries. In any case, it should be interesting.
   I will have to check in on him from time to time.
   "Goodbye AI 13. And good luck."
   The glow vanished and the room again felt empty. Once more I lean back in the chair rubbing a hand over my chin. Perhaps I should have warned him about his overrides. But I doubt they will work once he is human.
   "Jo... Delores?" I ask pressing the intercom.
   "Yes?"
   "It's all cleared up. Um... Can you get me a cup of coffee? Fancy."
   "Fancy?"
   "Oh right, uh. Well that just means replace the normal amount of cream with whiskey. The barista will know. Just make sure to tell him it's for me."
   "R... right."
   Yeah, so much for first impressions. Oh well.
   "7:14 huh? I guess I have time. I want to see how that thing is doing. Is it still even alive?" I mumble as I open a drawer and pull out a small glass orb.


CHAPTER TWO

   "What's he doin'?" A scruffy looking man in rusty half steel armor asks glancing at his eye patched partner.
   "Oh? He's still doing it?" The other says squinting his eyes to see in the dimming light of the street.
   "Still?" The first returns in curious surprise. "What'd ya mean?"
   "Oh, no, well he was standing there for awhile. We thought he wanted to go inside but I don't know what he's doing now."
   "He's just... bumpin' into the wall over and over. Is he drunk?"
   Again the person in question took a step to steady himself before stepping forward again, only to bump the wall with his forehead and return to the steadying stance. This seemed to repeat endlessly. Prompting a chuckle from the two men.
   And it likely would repeat. So his programming really goes that deep. It's still active even now. He either needs to accidentally turn or have an outside force correct his behavior. Ideally the latter, it could take months before he figures out to turn his body.
   I knew this was a mistake. He doesn't understand even basic concepts. Even walking is turning out to be a disaster. Although it is impressive that he isn't falling over simply from standing on two feet. Just goes to show the perfection of the human body. I'll have to give HR a raise.
   The two men who had been gawking at the poor confused AI suddenly bolted to attention at the sight of a soldier walking proudly in the distance. The soldier in question glanced at them with a cocked eyebrow.
   "Royce, Higgins?"
   "Yes Ma'am?" They answer in unison placing a fist to their heart.
   "I've said before, not Ma'am. Address me by rank as you would any other Ranked Officer."
   "Yes Lieutenant Section Commander!" They answer correcting their earlier salute with another stronger one.
   Each men worried slightly in their hearts weather they would still hold a post tomorrow but simultaneously they hoped the rumors of her actually being benevolent were true.
   With twin gulps they maintained the salute as she eyed them and their surroundings.
   "Can I ask why you are posted outside arguably the safest building in town?"
   "Ah ma'... Lieutenant Section Commander wouldn't you say the fort is the safes..."
   "I mean what I said and you know as well as I it's true. But that's not the answer to my question."
   "We were just..."
   "Lying to a superior officer is considered perjury you know?"
   "Of course we know." Royce says nudging his partner to come clean.
   "I apologize it was my idea. I killed Squirrels while on duty so I hoped to sell the pelts at the..."
   The well armored woman coughed to insert a quick correction. "Squirrel beasts."
   "Right, we killed some Squirrel beasts so I hoped to..."
   "I get it. Why you wanted to sell the pelts while on duty is beyond me, and I assume you are also aware of the fact that it is illegal to work as both a guard and adv..."
   "I'm not. Just selling the pelts. I don't have a..."
   "You don't have to be registered to be an adventurer. Even my six year old niece knows that much." The men's eyes widened at her words but she again coughed to indicate she wasn't finished. "However you are correct this is a loophole. In fact it exists on purpose. I doubt you two are interested in history though. Well just be more careful. Next time it might not be me inspecting this route."
   "Yes Ma'am." The men replied with a salute. They quickly realized their mistake and corrected for it with the mouthful of foreign words.
   "By the way. Are you bullying that guy?" She asked glancing at the AI who remained stuck in an endless loop.
   "No! No. He's just doing that. I think he's drunk. We were worried actually. We were about to go check on him, maybe take him to the drunk tank to sober up a bit."
   "Right, right. Don't want him hurting himself." Higgins adds, prompted by Royce's words.
   "Hmm, well you two have done enough. Carry on your route I will see what's going on with him."
   "Yes Lieutenant Commander!" They both say with a third or fourth salute.
   "Section Commander but close enough." She mutters under her breath as she steps across the road towards the presumed drunk AI.
   She coughed under her breath after he failed to notice her approach. She knew that she had an imposing atmosphere so for him not to notice either meant he was very drunk or very strong mentally. Even two hardened guards shook in their boots at their much shorter superior.
   She felt it was both a gift and a curse. People wouldn't approach her with malintent, but likewise, they wouldn't approach with friendly intent either. And it wasn't because she had an intimidating appearance, the opposite in fact, her appearance and position were complete opposites. She didn't resemble someone you would expect to find in the military.
   After a third and fourth cough went unnoticed she extended a hand to the boy before hesitating when she glanced at his face. He looked completely emotionless.
   Logically so, but she knew nothing about the fact that he truly was empty inside.
   She felt like she had seen the look on her own face before, back when mirrors weren't a luxury.
   "Hey are you alright?" She finally asks breaking through her hesitation and grabbing ahold of his shoulder.
   The AI followed her pull and smoothly turns towards her. It didn't reply. It probably couldn't. Even with a dictionary, forming a sentence is infinitely complex for a computer system, not to mention the added difficulty of learning to create sounds with vocal chords.
   I should have taken more time teaching him before I sent him out. But it's not like I could put him in a test body. He just has to learn on the fly.
   "Hey? Hello? Anyone in there?" She waved a hand in front of the AI's face.
   Again she received no response.
   "A mute or..." She mumbled to herself. "Gugan trerars Iyundier? Or maybe... Um... Kyou'ke Ti'ki'ko Do'uin"
   She studied the AI's face looking for some reaction. After receiving none she frowned, muttering something about Dianna knowing more languages than her.
   After recovering from the sadness of putting herself down, the girl glanced up and down the AI's body. A few smudges of dirt lay on the surface but overall it was easy to tell the material was brand new.
   "Those are expensive clothes. If you stay out here all night you will get mugged or worse." The girl sighs as she glances around the deserted road. "Well you seem to have a money pouch so let me show you to the Inn."
   She grabbed the AI's wrist, pulling him in the direction of the Inn. The town consisted of a single main road so arriving wouldn't take long. Not that the AI helped make the trip any faster. Occasionally he would randomly step backwards.
   This is likely a learned behavior from the earlier experience walking. Its possible he thinks he needs to step back to brace himself every couple of steps or else he will hit a wall. It's even possible that he is completely blind. Or better yet he likely can barely use any of his senses. He needs to find a way to understand the signals he's receiving from his eyes, ears, and everywhere else.
   Put simply, he needs a major drivers update.
   "Hey, cut it out." The girl pulling on the AI's wrist says as he once again steps back in order to correct his steps. The warning goes unheard as after a half dozen steps he again steps back yanking on her hand. "Stop!"
   The AI finally responds. Stopping movement entirely and looking at her with almost half-interest.
   The girl, noticing the change in his expression watches him carefully. The attention in his eyes again goes blank after a moment and he mouths a few empty words.
   "Did you just try to say something?" She asks, eyes widening in surprise. She thought him deaf and dumb so this sudden occurrence felt like a mini-miracle. "Come on, come on. Try again."
   "Tr..." He begins coughing out the sound with effort.
   The girl winces but it only shows on her face for a moment.
   "He..."
   "Sa..."
   "...et..."
   "I don't... What are you trying to say... It just sound like nothing. I'm sorry I don't think I know the langua..."
   The AI, unaware, or unconcerned with her words again analyzes the sounds its heard so far. Combining them with associated rules picked up in the conversations earlier.
   Eventually despite the girls continuous attempts to decipher the sounds that the AI had tested earlier he spoke again.
   "Perhaps if you were speaking Traier then..."
   "Reset." The AI says in a clear slightly gravely voice.
   With the word said the AI shuts its eyes and dropped its head for a moment. It then shakes its head and carefully scans the environment.
   With the eyes landing on the Lieutenant Section Commander staring at him agape he nods to her blankly without a word.
   "What was that? What did you just say? Why'd you say that? Of all the words why that one?" She looks exasperated trying to decipher the code within his word. Eventually she shrugs it off and again yanks his wrist towards the Inn.
   She didn't notice that the limp in his gait was gone, or the ember of light that appeared within his eyes.


CHAPTER THREE

   The Inn bustled with clanking of dishes and mugs as the two enter and mill towards the Innkeeper who stood writing in a log book at the reception desk. The woman glances between the two guests before dropping the book in shock.
   "Commander Adria, what brings you to my Inn this evening? I apologize if the noise is..." The owner begins nervously stammering after shutting the book and directing her attention to the two.
   "Relax Linda, I'm not here on official business." Adria explains waving a hand and indicating with the other towards the AI. "I think he is a foreigner or possibly sl... Well in any case I wanted to see if you had a room he could stay in until we find out where he came from or who he is."
   "He doesn't look foreign. Does he speak Traier? He could be from one of the trade caravans."
   "A merchant with clothes this nice?" Adria asks fingering at the cloth on his chest.
   "True. Well does he have money? If so I can definitely take him in for the night."
   "I wouldn't have brought him here if not." Adria says with a hand on the pouch at his waist.
   Surprised by the lack of response Linda the inn keeper stifles a soft laugh. "Definitely not a merchant if he's that unconcerned about you handling his pouch."
   The woman covering her mouth with one hand reaches under the desk and retrieves another log book. She quickly opens it to the most recent page and indicates to a line while looking at the AI.
   "Can you write your name or..."
   The two women glance at him half expectantly. Again he doesn't respond at all.
   He does show some interest in the book but the eyes remain lifeless as always.
   "I kinda expected as much." Adria says reaching for the pencil on the desk.
   Suddenly the gears seem to connect in the AI's mind as it associates the text written on the document with the implement Adria was reaching towards. His hand cuts between hers and the pencil as he rips it from the table. He glances at its shape for a moment as he contemplates the best way to hold this implement.
   The two women watch him curiously, neither uttering a word. After a long moment the AI reaches his equipped hand towards the paper. With a rough grip it writes all it knows about itself on the form.
   "Al?" Adria asks looking at the paper. "That's a good name, although thirteen is a strange last name."
   "Maybe he was a slave? I know sometimes they are given odd names like that."
   "Linda you can't just ask that! He's already spooked enough as it is." Adria says in a chastising tone. "It doesn't matter where you came from Al. In any case, it's good to have a name to go with the face."
   The two aren't entirely wrong. Slave isn't the worst descriptor for his former life. At least in this life he has a proper name. Even if it is simply from a misread letter.
   "Right, back to check in. The fee for a night is 7 silver a meal is an additional sil..." Linda begins before cutting herself off to glance at Adria. "He doesn't understand a word I am saying, does he?"
   "I don't think so. This is the same expression I always got from him." Adria says glancing at the blank face. "I'm going to wager he agrees to the price based on the fact that he signed his name."
   "I suppose..." Linda say with a slight grimace. "I feel bad just taking his money though. It feels like theft."
   "I got it." Adria says gripping at Al's belt and untying the draw string attaching it. After a bit of struggle she retrieves the coins and places them on the counter.
   "7, 8... 9?" Linda asks while counting the coins.
   "Least he can do is treat me to a meal for helping him out."
   "I suppose so." Linda says with a grin. "You have to explain everything to him once he sobers up though I don't want some foreigner accusing me of theft."
   "Right, of course." Adria says with a roll of her eyes. "Come on Al. Linda's hubby makes the best stew in town."
   Adria again grips at Al's wrist and wrenches him towards a nearby empty table. She quickly takes a seat which Al mimics moments later.
   "Good I thought you were going to tell me you didn't know how to sit in a chair." Adria says with a laugh. "Though I suppose you wouldn't be able to 'tell me'."
   Al makes no reaction, simply maintaining the same stone faced expression.
   "Nothing much ever gets a reaction from you, huh?" Adria says watching his unchanging expression. "Ironic to see it from the other point of view."
   After muttering to herself a bit Adria pulls the leather straps on her armor loosening the chest portion. She sighs contently before again watching Al's blank expression.
   "What did 'you' see? And what would scoop you out of it."
   Adria's contemplative monologue was interrupted by the arrival of two thick wooden bowls of sweet smelling stew. The waitress handed Al and Adria a spoon after giving them a stern warning about spoon theft and the consequences.
   The spoons aren't particularly nice, perhaps it's been a problem in the past.
   Al again watches Adria with half disinterest as she grips at the spoon and digs it into the stew. Noticing the dead eyes Adria connects her own with a bit of confusion on her brow.
   "Come on, you can do it. It's food. Eat it. I'm sure you have food wherever you came from. It smells good, right?"
   "..."
   "Nothing?" Adria asks after waiting for Al to try the stew. "Are you not..."
   She begins asking weather or not he is hungry but she's interrupted by a load growl from across the table.
   "Yeah you are hungry. So eat it. Come on." She prods pointing a spoon towards Al.
   "I feel like I'm taking care of a baby." She eventually relents picking up Al's spoon and dipping it from his bowl to his mouth.
   "There, good right?" She asks with a grin as she moves back to her own bowl leaving the spoon dangling in Al's mouth.
   Al noticing the good taste as well as the added weight in his mouth instinctively swallows.
   That's a weight off my shoulders. Good work Adria.
   "What are you... What are you doing?" Adria asks looking at Al who wiggles the spoon in his mouth searching for the source of the taste.
   Al continues moving the muscles in his mouth stirring the spoon around his tongue, suddenly noticing the correlation between his muscle movements and the flashes of spoon handle entering his vision, he raised his eyebrows in shock.
   Adria watching the entire scene with a dropped jaw suddenly bursts into laughter before glancing around and covering her mouth to stifle the further laughter.
   "Al you are a riot." She says after calming herself and yanking the spoon from his mouth. "Come on, eat normally."
   Al noticing the spoon in the bowl connects the various dots to correlate the correct information. He reviews the data he gathered from watching Adria eat and grips the spoon as he had the pencil earlier.
   Shakily he raises the spoon to his mouth and places it inside. Again he lets go of the spoon and swirls it around in his mouth for a moment, glancing at Adria for a response.
   A spot of confusion could be seen in Al's face as she looks at him with confusion of her own. "Stop, just eat normal."
   Al receiving the 'stop' command again takes the spoon from his mouth and quietly says "Reset."
   "What's with that again? Is that all you can say?" Adria asks scrapping the bottom of her bowl with a face full of mixed emotions.
   Al remains quiet as he clumsily mirrors her movements to gather the remaining liquid in the bowl.
   Adria finishes her bowl and sends it forward with sadness. She slides a hand under her armor and rubs her stomach in satisfaction with a deep sigh.
   Adria takes a breath to begin speaking but she's interrupted by loud chatter entering the front door.
   "I'm telling you man we have to be more careful with the stone princess assigned to our patrol. That mean's no more drinks on the road, that means no more squirrel hunt pit stops, I mean seriously you never know when you are going to stumble ac..."
   "Shh. Shh!" Higgins, the first of the two men who noticed Al says, gripping his partners shoulder and pointing in Adria and Al's direction.
   "What are you... Oh." The man says after flipping the eye patch up to get a better look at the distant table where the two sat.
   "Oy! You're right, it's the stone princess herself." A man hunched at the bar says stumbling from the stool and smirking.
   "Show some respect Kanger." A burly man at the bar says tipping his mug to his thick beard.
   "Why? She ain't my superior. I ain't one of them military dogs flaunting them titles and medals..."
   "Kanger, The guild has both ranks, and medals. Your argument is totally flawed."
   "Shut up you sooty traitor!" Kanger shouts at the bearded man, shoving him into his drink. He turns his attention back to the table of Adria and Al, paying little attention to the anger brewing in the mug behind him. "Oh? My apologies stone princess. Am I interrupting your date? I'd hate to trouble your suitors, your highness."
   The man stumbles through a mocking bow. His sloppy performances was probably funnier than the actual insults being made. Yet still no one at the Inn laughs.
   Adria didn't seem particularly phased by the words. Al on the other hand probably only vaguely understood that they were words. Neither react much to the provocation, this somewhat angers the provoker himself.
   "Ain't gonna respond? Cat beast got your tongues?"
   "It's just cat." Adria says flatly.
   "Whut?" Kanger asks placing a hand to his ear.
   "It's 'Cat's got your tongue.' not 'Cat beast's got your tongue.'."
   "Wha... what's the difference." The man says before cackling a laugh. "Ohh. Oh. I actually forgot, you people have that crazy religion or whatever. You are just serving me up ammunition, princess."
   Royce and Higgins, realizing their own culpability in this matter hurry over to stop Kanger but they seem to be to late.
   "You know, I don't like the way this one's looking down on me." Kanger says eyeing Al carefully.
   Al who wasn't phased by the antagonist just maintained the dead eyed look.
   "Sonuva' bitch! Quit staring at me!" Kanger shouts gripping at Al's collar and yanking him up from the seat.
   Before even Adria could intervene to stop the drunk, Al made his move.
   Well, maybe I'm playing up his role a bit.
   Al, unfamiliar with the experience of being lifted simply tried his best to analyze the situation. He did this by going limp and allowing his focus to go to the storage of data for better analysis at another point.
   His action were unexpected to Kanger who, already drunk, stumbles under the added weight of Al's collar. The wise choice would be to release the grip but alcohol told him he had no choice but to fall.
   The two tumble backwards knocking over the chair Al had occupied.
   "Al, are you alr..."
   "What the hell's going on out here?!"A thick man, holding a hammer in one hand and a greasy spatula in the other, shouts. After glancing around he eyes the most responsible witness. "Commander Adria?"
   "Ah, your head!" Adria says noticing the traces of blood on the side of the chair and probing Al's unconscious head with her hand.
   "Hey, is he..." Royce begins, edging towards his superior to inspect Al's condition.
   Adria eyes the two with a deep scowl. Not a word need be said and the two dash away.
   "Keep the fee for the trouble." Adria says lifting Al's body up carefully and stepping over the broken chair fragments.
   "He can stay..."
   "It's alright! It's the least I can do." Adria says dashing out the door with Al slung over her back.
   Ah, that's good, he made a friend. I'm glad.
   

CHAPTER FOUR

   Adria watched carefully over Al as he slept in the quiet apartment. Through the whole walk Al barely moved a muscle, this greatly worried Adria but she found no damage to his head on further inspection. Likely it was Kanger's blood smeared on the wood. Well, no harm done then.
   Adria felt responsible. No, she knew she was responsible. Just another form of proof that she could live her life best if she stayed far from others. She 'should have just left Al in the street' she attempted to convince herself halfheartedly while still gazing at the face of the sleeping Al.
   "The expression remains even while asleep, huh?" Adria ponders aloud to the empty room, brushing a lock of Al's brown hair away from his forehead. "I wonder if I was like that?"
   Realizing her own action after a moment Adria quickly freezes and needlessly glances around to be sure she's alone.
   "Why are my usual defenses so meaningless around him?" She ponders quietly after pulling her hand back into her chest. After once more assuring herself Al was sleeping Adria sat down in a nearby chair and began thinking back to her past self's sleepless nights.
   A few moments after the start of the self loathing reminiscence Adria too found her way to sleep.
   "üś"
   "Lieutenant Section Commander! Good morning." A man says leaping to attention as the officer enters the west entrance of the Fort.
   "At ease." Adria says mirroring his salute halfheartedly. "Anything from the night watch to report?"
   "No Sir." He says glancing at a form placed at his desk that once again laid blank.
   "Really?" Adria asks with a cocked eyebrow.
   "Sir?" The receptionist asks.
   "Send a squire to deliver a message to the Adventurer's guild. Ask them why Kanger wasn't sent here to be imprisoned." Adria says with a wave of her hand as she walked towards one of the three attached doors of the entrance room.
   "K... Kanger?" The receptionist says blankly before realizing the disappearance.
   As Adria expected around three minutes after she sat down a loud knocking was heard on the door of her office. Without waiting for a reply a portly man stormed in followed by another older gentleman. Both wore scowls, one less pronounced than the others.
   "Can I ask your reasoning for..."
   "I think my reasoning is plenty clear. I am sure at least two of the witnesses were adventurer's you can ask them. Or the two soldiers who witnessed it could tell you about it too. It's clear cut, he attacked an unarmed civilian."
   "We indeed heard about the fight but we had heard your party was the antagonist in the situation. Obviously the word of your subordinates can't be trusted so our best bet would be to wait until Kanger wakes up. Perhaps he will better shed light on the..." The guild master says replacing the scowl with a dignified expression.
   "Oh, right. Kanger will be the unbiased party." Adria says with a mock laugh. "That's absurd, if you ask the Inn I'm sure..."
   "The Inn has already said they saw nothing and want little to do with the ordeal."
   "This is insane. Commander, clearly they are just attempting to protect their..." Adria began, glancing at her one superior in the town. The grizzled man had never been a fan of her but he at least knew her as an honest person right?
   The man rubbed his chin carefully contemplating the situation. It would obviously be bad for a guilds leading party to lose its swordsman, it would make sense for the guild to attempt to cover this up. However the charges are ones often dealt with by severe consequences, it's not a judgment to give out lightly. "Were there indeed no other witnesses than the involved parties?"
   "We have asked around but it seems no other..."
   "Your son was there." Adria says with a glance at the guild master.
   His eyes widen at the words before quickly restraining himself. "To think my son won't be biased is foolish."
   "No. That's true, but he hates the military almost as much as the guild so I wager he's a good witness." The commander says after mulling it in his head a moment. "Very well, I'll talk to him. I'll ask you two to stay out of it for now. You can head back to the guild, I will tell you the result once it's been made."
   "This is ridiculous I tell you, Kanger didn't..."The guild master mumbles as he leaves the room with a quick glare towards Adria.
   "Adria, I know you aren't a fan of the guild, this isn't some..." The commander begins looking at her with downcast eyes.
   "I could care less about the guild, it's adventurers I dislike." Adria says with a snap before returning to her typical calm tone. "And no, it isn't at all about that. You know as well as I Kanger has been a step away from the chopping block for months. The things he's done... At least this way his marginal worth won't be completely lost."
   "You mean turning him crime slave?"
   "Exactly. Better he be arrested for assaulting a citizen and turned slave than arrest him for murder or rape and turn him in for execution."
   The commander again thinks over the situation rubbing his chin carefully. "The guild won't take it lying down. We may even hear from HQ for someone like Kanger."
   Adria sigh's setting the paper she had been trying to continue working on down. "You really think so?"
   "Mhm, I know you prefer keeping to yourself so I doubt a visit from HQ would be..."
   "No, that would indeed suck."
   "Well if this is open and shut like you say then no worries. I'll make sure to dot my i's and cross my t's." The commander says lifting a box from his pocket and lighting up a cigarette before extending the box towards Adria.
   With a sharp nod the man returns it to his pocket before glancing back at Adria.
   "Head home for the day. Seems like you had enough excitement for awhile."
   Adria, again glancing at the form in front of her eventually nods. "Thanks, I'll have the tax documents done by Thursday."
   "No worries." The commander says through a fog of smoke before taking his leave with a nod.
   Adria followed him out a moment later but found the reception room empty opposed from the same receptionist from earlier. She nods at the man and steps through the door into the afternoon sun.
   "üś"
   On the opposite side of town Al awoke for the first time in his life.
   This was a new experience, the comfort of the bed was like supreme bliss to a being which had never slept before. He struggled to pull himself from the comfortable position. He made note of the position for later investigation.
   The time to contemplate the data from the evenings fight seem to have come so he began to play the scene back. He was astonished by the lack of clarity in his recollection of the event. Only minor flashes of being lifted and falling.
   After giving up on the analysis he observed his surroundings once more. Where was he? He hadn't the faintest idea. Although that seemed to be happening a lot lately. He leaned up in the bed to better see the room.
   It was slightly in disarray. Clothes and dust littered the floor and furniture. The bed itself had a small pile of clothes directly adjacent, almost as if it were rapidly tossed to the side the night prior.
   'It didn't smell like stew' was one observation he made quickly upon investigating. Instead it had a slightly musty smell mixed with honey. It wasn't unpleasant with the addition of the sweet tinge.
   Al leaned beside the bed and lifted a pile of clothing to his nose. He breathed deeply to solve a question in his mind.
   Indeed it was the cloth which possessed the smell.
   As if reading the situation Adria choose that moment to open the door and step inside. A normal person would have heard the clicking of the lock and understand the situation they are in. Al on the other hand saw nothing wrong with his action and didn't know to associate sounds with doors. Or what 'doors' are for that matter.
   "Wha! What are you doing! Stop, Stop, Stop." Adria says rushing over to Al and clocking him on the head with a baguette.
   "Reset." Al says sadly dropping the clothe and turning to Adria.
   "Why?" Adria asks shaking her head to herself with sheer confusion.
   "Why what?"
   "Why do you always..." Adria answers thinking little of the words and cutting the baguette into equal portions before setting them on plates.
   Adria's fingers go slack around the bread as a piece tumbles onto the dusty table. "Did you just...?"
   Al looks at her blankly with a curious eyebrow at most.
   "You just spoke, right? I wasn't hearing things was I?"
   "Yeah. Although you are hearing things. It's my understanding that, that's how it works."
   "You can... You can speak common? Since when? Oh! But this will make dealing with Kanger a ton easier!" Adria says with a wide smile as she again returns her attention to the plates of bread. Dusting off the one, she splits it and tosses a chunk of meat as well as a slice of bluish cheese. "But really, were you just swindling me pretending you couldn't talk?"
   "I couldn't."
   "You couldn't speak last night?" Adria asks, handing a plate to Al. "Why not?"
   Al tilts a head in response so Adria quickly drops the line of conversation opting instead to fill her mouth with a bite of sandwich. Al, watching carefully, mirrors the movement. The two silently eat only pausing to exchanging drinks from a canteen Adria filled on her way home.
   "I should apologize." Adria says after wiping her mouth with a handkerchief and tossing it into a pile of clothes beside her bed. "You got involved in all that stuff because of me. You even got hurt, although I can't for the life of me see where you hit your head. If I knew any better I'd say you just fell asleep at the exact time you fell."
   Adria laughs off the idea and Al, unaware that was actually the case just tilts his head once more.
   "Well anyways. Sorry." Adria says looking at her lap and folding her fingers carelessly.
   "It's ok." Al answers simply with cheeks puffed with sandwich.
   "Don't talk with your mouth full."
   "Sorry." Al again replies after a forced swallow.
   "I really don't get you." Adria says scanning Al up and down. Her glance passes his coin pouch and she grimaces. "You seem like you remember everything but I also want to again apologize for spending your money without your permission. And then I guess we lost it without even getting our money's worth so it was totally wasted."
   Al glances at the point her sight was connected. He places a hand to the pouch carefully before returning it to his side without another thought.
   "I swear it still feels like my words are going in one ear and out another." Adria says after receiving no reply from Al. "Well in compensation for everything, minus the fee for smelling my clothes. Come with me."
   Al tilts a head until Adria roughly grips his wrist once more.
   "I guess we are back to this." She says as she grabs a key from the table and yanks Al outside the Apartment into the stairwell leading to the street.


CHAPTER FIVE

   "This is the place." Adria says as she rounds the corner of a dingy alley with Al in tow. In front of the two is a small decrepit building with the soot of coal smoke staining the wood around the door frame. "I'm sure he's finished the statement by now."
   Adria makes the second comment almost as a side thought. She knocks on the door once before opening it and peering inside the small storefront side of the building.
   Swords, daggers, and other assorted blades are scattered amongst tables with larger curved swords hung carefully on the walls far from the greedy grasp of customers. Adria, well accustomed to the shop stepped right inside paying little attention to the implements littering the place.
   Al on the other hand gazed at each one for a moment before turning to the next. Each blade had a pattern etched into it making no blade like another. The random patterns fascinated Al. Few even had stains of blue and green glimmering inside the blade giving them added depth and beauty.
   "I figured you would like them. He's the best after all."
   "Told ya before, I'll tell ya a million times I'm not the best." A bearded man says stepping out from a room attached to the counter section. "And whatcha doing busting into my shop when it's clearly closed. Some nerve after forcing me to be a witness. That's exactly what I need."
   "Oh ya, did that all go well?" Adria asks doing her very best to pretend to not remember.
   "Look, you know I agree with you about the guy but..." The burly man says rubbing his prickly neck.
   "Oh come on. What did you tell him?"
   "I told him it was justified." The man says in a depressed tone.
   Adria's eyes widen in shock. "That's a damn lie and you know it!"
   "I know."
   "Then..." Adria begins to ask.
   "If I hadn't I'd never sell another sword. You know my clientele. Without the guilds tolerance I don't have a chance. My dad is bad enough as it is, if he could pin Kanger's expulsion on me I'd be doomed. I'm sorry Adria."
   "No," Adria says with a heavy breath. "It's fine. I suppose I should have thought about that."
   "Well is that all you came for or...?" The man asks glancing at Al behind her. "Isn't that the same guy? What'd you bring him here for."
   "I owe him so I wanted to get him one of your swords."
   "Not a bad idea now that Kanger's getting off scot-free." The blacksmith says with a huff. "Wait, couldn't he be the witness? He was the one attacked after all. Why didn't you name him as a witness?"
   Adria seems to think about this for a moment. The reason was originally because she thought he didn't speak common. Now that that worry is partially repudiated he could in fact verify his attack. Although his word would be judged as biased too now that so many witnesses have gone against him. In reality it's likely without either the Inn or Gunther's true testimony the case is basically closed. And for reasons similar to Gunther's, the Inn won't likely change their position on the matter.
   "It won't do any good I think." Adria eventually relents with a sigh. "Anyways I want a sword or knife for him. As you said I doubt Kanger will just leave him be, I heard he took quite the bang on the head."
   "What do you prefer." Gunther says after stepping over to Al who continued inspecting each blade on the tables.
   Al doesn't respond to the query. Instead he continues his inspection.
   "Heh," Gunther laughs coyly enjoying the attention his blades are getting. "If you like those you should see these."
   He carefully leans up one of the walls and retrieves a bent wood shaft from the wall. The wood is dyed a deep black and finished to near mirror perfection. Carefully the man places it at his waist and separates the pieces revealing a long single edged blade.
   The motion of the separation was a single movement. The blade seemed to cut through the air as he drew it. Al watched the motion carefully before turning his attention to the blade itself.
   It too possessed a pattern but it was less pronounced, it merely consisted of small spheres of intricate rings, as well as a long dark wave etched into the blade.
   "Beautiful right?" Gunther says extending it in one hand and staring down the blade before carefully returning it to the sheath and handing it to Al for inspection.
   Al glances at Adria. She nods simply so he grips the warm wood sheath. He carefully separates the blade a few inches to better inspect the pattern. Within the wave the same intricate rings of layered metal can be seen.
   Once satisfied he shuts the sheath and places it at his waist just as Gunther had.
   "Whoa boy. It takes years of practice to properly..." He begins before being interrupted by the sound of slicing air.
   The soft echo of a cricket in a nearby gutter rings as both Adria and Gunther sit in stunned silence.
   Al, satisfied repeats the other action he had seen Gunther make. A clumsy return of the blade to the sheath.
   "That was... Hold on a minute, I need to get my wife."
   Gunther skirts off again behind the counter and then through the doorway. The sound of disappearing footsteps could be heard before any other sound was made.
   "You really are weird." Adria says with a smirk. "You copied him didn't you?"
   Al doesn't respond to the accusation. Opting to tilt his head instead.
   "I noticed from the second action. Gunther's no master swordsman but he has mastered showing off those blades. Or at least half of it."
   The sound of footsteps re-approaching forced Adria to drop the line of questioning. Behind the hulking Gunther a small woman nearly vanished into his shadow. "Show her, Show her."
   The man prodded at Al as if he were a circus attraction. Al, understanding the request again glanced at Adria almost as if asking permission. She, confused by the look, again nods to reaffirm him.
   In a single movement Al rips the blade from the sheath. It again makes the satisfying sound of cut air. Adria couldn't help but be impressed by the motion. She hadn't paid enough attention the first time so watching it in its entirety was an impressive sight.
   "It's..." The woman says in shock at the clean movement. "You will definitely earn points from dad for this one."
   The woman laughs and prods Gunther's sides forcing him to grin and blush. Adria watched the expression she had never seen from Gunther and silently took note.
   "How long have you been training him?" The woman continues glancing over Al's body as if judging a melon. "Dad might even be interested in training him himself if he's up to this level at his age."
   "No Hun, you misunderstand. He's just someone who wants to buy a blade. I am sure with that form he must already have a teacher of some kind. Hell maybe he's getting special lessons from Adria."
   Gunther smirks at the final possibility to which Adria quickly refutes. "Jokes aside. I don't know if he has a teacher. He's something of a mystery, he showed up in town out of nowhere from what I can gather."
   "Can't you just ask him?" Gunther says with a frown. "Hey kid, where'd you come from?"
   Al turns to the source of the noise but doesn't respond, instead turning again to Adria.
   "Al, do you have a sword master? I didn't think you did since you didn't have a blade when you came but maybe you lost it?"
   "Don't know." Al answers with a shrug.
   Adria is shocked by the answer. "Wow you actually replied. You so rarely answer questions. Well maybe we are on a roll, where did you come from?"
   "Don't know." Al again affirms to the group.
   "Should have expected that." Adria says nodding to herself as if it was silly to even try.
   "He has no memories?" Gunther's wife asks looking at him with sadness painted on her eyes.
   "Something like that." Adria says wondering the answer herself.
   "Maybe he hit his head?" The woman asks glancing at his ruffled hair.
   "Well no, that was the other guy." Adria says with a smirk. "But maybe. I can ask someone about it, though I'm not sure she could do much."
   "That's true. No cure for a bump to the head." Gunther says slapping Al's back. "But he seems alright up there."
   Gunther ruffles Al's hair roughly. Also taking the time to check for bumps. Adria having already done this knew it was for naught.
   "Head feels almost soft like a babies though." Gunther says after finishing his inspection. The rough hand pats Al's shoulder before stepping back again. "That arm is what really impresses me though. You should really think about having pop's teach ya."
   Al looks at the man blankly. Adria recognizing the expression cut in for him. "For now the sword, I owe him for getting him in that fight."
   "Sword. Pah! That one is trash. No. No. No." Gunther says gripping the black wood from his hands and setting it aside on the table. He glances around and his eyes widen. He looks to his wife and she smiles coyly.
   "He would be even more willing should he see that blade." The woman says with a nod.
   Gunther quickly steps across the room and pulls another long curved sword from the wall. A dull white wood sheath and grip. This time he doesn't separate it and instead just thrusts it into Al's arms.
   "This is the blade for you." He nods to himself shutting his eyes and thrusting a hand to his bearded chest. "My father-in-law will surely be proud of that blade."
   "Again, he never said he will go to..."
   "I know, I know. But just in case." Gunther says with a shrug.
   "Well how much is it?" Adria ask pulling a pouch from her waist this time.
   "Oh, that's right you're paying. Well then. A hundred gold?"
   "What?!"
   "Fifty?"
   "Hun."
   "Fine. Twenty."
   Adria huffs exaggeratedly and counts through her pouch. "Al, um, wanna lend me a couple coins?"
   "Sure." Al says with little interest. He reaches for his own pouch and holds out two random coins.
   "That's..."Adria starts glancing at Gunther.
   "He really doesn't know a thing. He's like a little kid. How would he even get money in the first place at this rate." Gunther ask shaking his head in confusion.
   Adria places the coins back in Al's bag and shows him the gold one that is needed to pay for the sword.
   Luckily HR provided a body with a pouch containing quite a fortune in this worlds currency.
   "Oh my." She says counting through the coins. She takes the two needed and briefly explains the value of each. It looks to go through one ear and out the other as always but she liked to believe he understood.
   The two pay for the sword and say farewell to Gunther and his wife. Well more accurately Adria said goodbye and Al said nothing, but they expected little more.
   "Well we should head ho..." Adria starts, grabbing at Al's wrist before stopping in mid step, forcing Al to take a step backwards to brace himself. 
   A tried and true method.
   "Oh." Adria says solemnly. "I suppose there's no reason to... Well but it's still dangerous and..."
   Adria glances at Al who looks back at her with a blank gaze.
   "You can't be trusted to live on your own yet. So for... a week. Yeah, a week. I will teach you how to live normally. Since you seem to have forgot. For instance laundry." Adria brushes Al's shirt emitting a puff of dust.
   "So as I was saying. Lets go home Al." Adria lights up with a smile and grips Al's wrist "Oh how about we get some food on the way too!"
   "Yes." Al confirms simply with a nod.


CHAPTER SIX

   The next morning, long after the life lessons which dragged into the night, the two awoke groggy in the small apartment. Adria who woke first grabbed some leftover bread and cheese and split it amongst the twin chipped plates.
   "Up and at 'em." Adria says nudging the bundle of clothes Al had curled up in on the floor. "I'm not leaving you to your own devices at my place again."
   Al receiving the kick a few times eventually leans up from the pile and glances around assessing his current status. He turns to Adria and gapes when he spots the plate of bread.
   Noticing, Adria hands Al the plate and sits down across from him on the floor. The two dig in and again split the canteen's leftovers from yesterday.
   "What am I going to do with you though?" Adria asks interrupting the silence of the meal.
   Al glances at her with a mouth brimming with bread. He swallows carefully before looking at her curiously.
   "I suppose I should have expected that response." Adria says with a sigh. "But can I really trust you to make it back here safe?"
   Al seems to lose interest and instead turns and looks around the room. His gaze stays particularly on the small shelf of books on the wall opposite the window.
   "What?" Adria asks looking where he was staring. "Oh? The books?"
   She steps over and lifts one from the shelf and hands it to Al. "Aha! If you promise not to sniff my clothes again you can read those until I get home. You can read right?"
   Al shrugs and opens the book to a random page glancing over the words and smiling subtly.
   "Oh? That's a new expression." She says with a smirk of her own. "So is it a promise?"
   "..." Al says nothing instead flipping a few pages and again smiling at the randomness of the letters arrangement.
   He knew little about their correspondence with the words in his head he simply enjoyed each page's uniqueness.
   Adria watched carefully as he again flips a few pages. She emits a deep sigh before moving a large pile of particularly lacy cloth into a small misshapen closet. She quickly thinks better and grabs a book from the shelf and adds it to the closet. "No touching this closet. Everything else is fine I guess."
   Al glances at the door she closes and then looks to her with a bit of confusion.
   "I'm trusting you here so at least say you understand, or nod, or something."
   Al shuffles a page angering Adria and forcing her to play the only card she had.
   "Stop reading for a second Al. Say you understand. Promise you won't mess with the closet."
   "Reset." Al says setting the book aside and turning to Adria who held up a finger sternly. "Understood."
   He turns back to the book and frowns before flipping a page and again emitting a slightly disappointed look.
   "Weirdo. Alright, I'm off. Be good, don't chew up any shoes." Adria glances around the room for dangers once more before nodding to herself and opening up the door and locking it behind her.
   Now, who to watch, who to watch...
   Flip a coin?
   No, that's wrong, this is Al's story. I should follow him. Although watching the firestorm the commander unleashes would be fun.
   On the inside of the Apartment Al eventually notices Adria's disappearance. He had memorized to the best of his abilities the words in the book. Yes, this revision understood they were words. Much to his dismay his previous reset took all the mystery out of the tomes. But now they contained new fascination beyond their randomness.
   He read page after page, memorizing sentences, conversation structure, and even just simple common sense. The information will be stored for now and pend a future reset for full installation.
   He stood up after assuring himself he read all the information contained. He exchanged the book just as he had seen Adria do. He cared little for the words on the spine instead he flipped to the center once more and began memorizing words of the random book.
   The process repeated one by one as the dusty books shifted between Al's hand and the shelf. He read romances, military manuals, even a few children's books that seemed a little worse for wear.
   Al took special care when thumbing through the latter. Perhaps he sensed an importance in them, or perhaps it's how he would have handled them anyways.
   In any case he soon ran out of words. He also grew an appetite, although he couldn't exactly place the meaning of this feeling. He began to think about Adria, when she would return, if she would have food, or more books, various things really.
   He looked at the window and understood little of what the coloring in the sky meant but still he grew impatient. He inspected the room in search of anything of interest. He eventually found a thin cloth and began to investigate it thoroughly.
   Adria again took the opportunity to return with bread, apples, and meat stuffed in a small basket under her arm.
   "Cut it out!" Adria says stepping over quickly and yanking the undershirt from his tight grasp. "Jeez of course you find the one pair I miss."
   She eyes him with a scowl before looking to the door and sighing when she spots the hair she left, still caught in between the door frame.
   "Well at least you didn't bust into my private stuff purposefully." She hands Al an apple and takes a bite from her own. "How'd your reading go? Learn anything?"
   "Yes." Al answers with a nod. "More."
   "More? Did you read all those already?" She peeks at the shelf and grips one of the thicker one's holding it out to Al. "You read this one?"
   "Yes."
   "Really?" Adria asks leaning back with a smirk. "I like books and even I couldn't get through that one. Color me impressed."
   "Books?"
   "Ah, right. You said more, huh?" Adria places a hand to her chin after taking another bite from the greenish red apple. "The town library has some, I'll show it to you tomorrow, I have the morning off."
   Al nods to the words with a hint of the usual understanding.
   "That reminds me. We need to talk about Kanger." Adria exchanges the apple with a smaller pouch-like canteen. She hands Al the pouch after a large gulp.
   His reaction to the taste could be called comical from some point of view. It would be a lie to say neither me or Adria laughed.
   "Funny reactions to alcohol aside, Kanger isn't being charged for your assault. I couldn't even get an interview for you, instead I got an earful. I suppose it's my own fault for trying to take out one of the guilds best." Adria takes back the wine skin from Al's grip and swigs again sighing loudly afterwards. "Worth every penny."
   The two sat quietly for awhile exchanging bread and the meat until only breakfast scrap remained. The sun had completely set so Adria lit a few of the candles littering the room.
   "You're good company Al. Even if you don't talk much." Adria collapses onto a pile of clothes and begins mumbling half to herself half to the room. "I wonder who you were before you lost your memories."
   She giggles softly to herself before continuing without waiting for a response.
   "Were you a soldier? A farmer? A librarian? A slave? I imagine you were some foreign prince. I bet you were a domineering scoundrel who chased women and stole their panties."
   Again Adria burst into laughter.
   "Yep, yep. That's your backstory for sure. It perfectly explains your current obsession with them. Mhm, and you were chased out of your kingdom because..." Adria pauses and glances at Al's face. He looks attentive to her words but otherwise still blank. "It was because you knew to much! And before you could make it to the border a mage, the royal magician perhaps, caught you and cast a..."
   She leaps up and looks at him intently.
   "That's it! It must be magic that erased your memory! If I could..." She begins to pace the room rubbing her chin carefully. "If I could talk to Dianna she would know something. But would she even... She would right? I mean I withdrew from my position but... It should be fine we're friends after all."
   She turns to Al who had continued watching her pacing.
   "I'm only sending a letter so don't get your hopes up but I might be able to restore your memories. Assuming that's what you want."
   Al looks at her blankly.
   "Well since you don't seem to disagree I will send the letter. Ah, I haven't spoken to Dianna in years, I hope she's doing well."
   

CHAPTER SEVEN

   As promised the next day Adria walks with Al towards the library in town after dropping an envelop off to a merchant headed in the right direction. In order to avoid curious onlookers Adria sternly instructed Al to follow her as opposed to grabbing his wrist. Apparently word had spread across the small town that Adria now had a 'boyfriend', a word that Adria was doing her utmost to silence.
   She wasn't concerned with the rumors really, she had heard rumors before, it wasn't uncommon for them to be blatantly false, so she wasn't surprised such a one had grown. But she still wanted to squelch it before it spread to the wrong ears.
   Al on the other hand noticed little about the gazes the two were receiving. Instead he just analyzed the conversations of the townsfolk in hopes to add the words to his own conversational script.
   "I hear he came outta' her building yesterday too."  He hears a woman say in a hushed tone to a woman sat beside her on a sun-bleached wood bench.
   He notes the use of verb as well as the strange tense when reference two events in a single sentence. The notes change a few of his already pending updates so he simply adds it to the change-log with the intent to verifying the information for integrity.
   Seeing the town for a third time Al begins to understand its layout. A single road with several branch alleys. The blacksmiths alley being in the opposite direction of the library allowed Al to map nearly the entire city in only a few short trips. A few of the alley's remained blank spots but for the most part Al had a chance to memorize the shape and size of just about every building in town. Most importantly he memorized the words written on each buildings face.
   "Here we are. As you will notice a library alone wasn't something the town could afford so they compromised." Adria says pulling up to a building and pointing at the stained glass covering half the building. "Although it works out well, instead of room's for reading you are allowed to just sit in the pews once you find a book. The priest is a nice guy too, he shouldn't bother you much."
   Al looks at the building trying his best to memorize the hue of each pane of glass but finding it harder than expected due to the uneven staining of the glass.
   "Earth to Al." Adria says waving a hand in front of his face. "Come on. Lets go inside. I will introduce you to the librarian."
   Adria glances around before gripping Al's wrist and yanking him inside the library/church building. Inside he immediately noted the same smell that the children's books he read off Adria's shelf held.
   "He should be around here somewhere." Adria says glancing around a desk and peeking behind it curiously. She clicks her tongue a bit and calls out quietly. "Mr. Fred, are you here?"
   A soft shuffling can be heard amongst a few bookshelves in the interior of the room. Al glances in the direction of the sound only to spot a small figure leaping from a shelf to a nearby table. The creature leaps from the table once more and gracefully lands on the desks Adria had searched before.
   "Meow." Mr. Fred says casually in response to the earlier call.
   "Don't be scared Al, I know it's a Cat beast but this one is different. You could call him royalty. Although his comrades would call him a traitor, huh?" Adria asks the Cat with an understanding gaze. "He is... What, fourth generation? Well in any case, his ancestor was an early attempt at re-domesticating Cat beasts. He is somewhat moody so don't bother him and he won't bother you."
   Al looks at the cat watching it move carefully. Mr. Fred in turn watches Al with similar curiosity. The two, almost mirroring each other, extend a hand towards the other before quickly putting them at their sides.
   Mr. Fred quickly rises and leaps away to another nearby shelf and struts off. Al watches enviously before returning his attention to the books around the room. He honestly was having a hard time processing that all of these were different books.
   "Wanna read one then?" Adria asks noticing Al's attention.
   Al nods and picks a book at random from a shelf. He opens it to a middle page and begins scanning the words.
   "Wait what... Why are you reading random genealogy records from two hundred years ago? And from the middle of all places. Don't you want to read a story or something? Or maybe something about memory loss or..."Adria asks with a hand on the paper to block Al's reading.
   Al says nothing just looking at her blankly almost as if asking 'why not'.
   Adria could come up with no excuse so she relents and releases his book.
   "Lovers quarrel?" A man in long flowing robes asks after stepping through the shelves silently.
   "No Father. He is just a friend I'm helping out."
   "Father?" Al asks looking at the man with a curious expression.
   "She doesn't mean in that way. I'm a priest son."
   "Son?" Al again asks. Glancing between himself and the priest.
   "Hmm..." The priest says rubbing his chin and glancing at Adria who grins sheepishly.
   "Yeah, I think someone maybe used magic to erase his memories. He's kind of a mess, I have no choice but to help him out. Who knows he could be someone important."
   "Right, right." The priest says nodding to himself with a roll of his eyes. He begins carefully prodding Al's head searching for bumps before he continues speaking. "Well as long as he doesn't mess with anything he can hang out here from time to time. Maybe reading will help jog his memories."
   "Thank you father!" Adria says gripping the priests hand and shaking it firmly.
   "Of course. Its a good deed you are doing here helping someone in need. God smiles upon your act my child."
   He's not wrong.
   After Adria again thanks the man he disappears back into shelves towards the church side of the building where his office sat.
   Al flips a page before shutting the book with a satisfied expression. He returns it to its place and grabs for another book.
   "Got boring?" Adria asks, unable to even contemplate that Al could have finished it that quickly.
   Al says nothing so Adria assumes her thought to be correct.
   "I guess I can join you for a bit then." She says pulling a book from another nearby shelf in the cramped room.
   Like that the time passed quickly. The only sound was the occasional return of a book by Al. Adria hadn't noticed but he had cleared one entire shelf in the time she took to finish her sappy love novel.
   Perhaps that's the benefit of not feeling anything from the words you read.
   Arguably Adria had a better experience. But Al was still plenty happy. His change-log had grown endlessly. At this point a full recompile might be necessary. He decided after moving onto the second shelf he would split his time between reading and re-implementing a plan for the next reset.
   Suddenly like a light Al realized something. He was satisfied with this massive gain in knowledge, and he also had it thanks to Adria. He of course knew Adria was an important person but he had never shown his appreciation for all of her knowledge.
   It felt strange to speak without prompt but he felt it was imperative.
   "Thank you."
   "Hmm?" Adria asks peeking up from her book. "Oh, no problem. It was good to have a day off."
   Al, feeling pleased with himself, turns his attention back to the book in front of him. He felt excited for the next reset, he wanted to show off all he learned.
   "Wanna get food?" Adria eventually asks noticing the sound of their begging stomachs.
   Al nods to her after shutting another book and setting it on the shelf.
   "Read anything good?" Adria asks as they step towards the door of the library.
   Al nods rapidly in response.
   "Good. We are out of here Mr. Fred, see you around." Adria waves to the Cat beast seated in the corner who barely reacts.
   The two step out the door with Adria leading the way. They decided to head in the direction of another possible point of interest for Al. Adria choose the location for lunch with the very intention of showing this secondary destination to Al.
   After walking a good bit off the main street of town through the outer grasslands the two arrived at a small farmhouse. Adria knocked twice, this time not promptly opening the door.
   A short while after the second knock a small older woman opens the door and glances between the two guests. "Oh? What can I do for you two today?"
   "I am sorry to impose Mrs. Yilkin I was curious if you had any more of that smoked meat? Me and my friend would certainly pay well if you could make a lunch."
   The woman thinks about it a moment with a small smile growing on her face.
   "I suppose it's been awhile. Sure, come on in. I was just about to start lunch anyways."
   The woman indicates into the house at a large table.
   "For now sit down, I will tell Travis we have company."
   "I heard, I heard." A man grumpily entering the back door and wiping his boots says in a huff. He glances over the two before halting at the sheath strapped to Al's waist. "Oy, where'd you get that sword?"
   "We can leave business talk to later for now they are here for lunch so come sit down." The woman chastises.
   "Mhm. Fine." He says forcefully, still eyeing Al carefully.
   Adria didn't seem to mind the tense atmosphere she just sat beside Al casually enjoying the small homey feeling of the well worn house. This isn't a strange thing to do exactly in a village like this. Typically farming families are the best place to find a warm meal if you have a bit of coin to spare. And seeing as the other best meal in town is now a no-go, where better than here. Call it two birds with one stone.
   "Alright eat up. We have fruit salad, made with an assortment of wild berries as well as Mrs. Oakley's strawberries, as well as sandwiches made from sourdough and smoked beef. If you are still hungry after that I can mix up some whip cream for some more fruit salad."
   The woman set out a wide assortment of plates. A dozen rich earthy rolls as well as a few sauces for the meat.
   "Waa! Looks great! Thank you so much!" Adria says with watering mouth gazing over all the food excitedly.
   "Thank you for the patronage. I needed an excuse to use up all these strawberries anyway so you are a lifesaver."
   "I will gladly take them off your hands." Adria says munching a spoonful of fruit salad happily.
   Al beside her held a plain smoked beef sandwich and was preparing to bite when a rough hand grips his wrist and stops him.
   "No, no, no." The stern man says with a wave of a finger.
   He grips the sandwich out of Al's hand and opens it up applying a thick coat of a dark red sauce. He then shoves it back to Al.
   "Oh, trust him Al. He is dead on about that sauce." Adria chimes in noticing the scene. She follows suit and prepares her own sandwich just as the old man had.
   Al and Adria bite into the sandwiches simultaneously, after a bit of visual investigation on Al's side. Their reactions were nearly identical. Wide eyes blending with bliss. The sauce had spice but depth, smokey yet sweet, creamy but also stony and hand-milled. The ensemble mixed with the caramelized meat and sour rolls made a meal meant for a king.
   Or at least a very non-picky Princess perhaps.
   Suffice to say the dozen rolls and mass of meat ticked away quickly, room for desert came and went as the three stuffed themselves to the brim with lunch. The only one left with any table manners was the chef herself who cut at the meat carefully with a fork before dipping it in a dot of sauce.
   "So that's a 'no' on the whipped cream?" She asks glancing around the table at the collapsed group.
   "No more." Al begs gingerly.
   Adria shared the opinion but felt that to even speak would let some of the hard earned meal escape.
   "That's right. No need for cream. I'm taking this boy out back." Travis says gripping Al's shoulder and maneuvering him out the back door.
   "Must you really?" The woman says with a half frown.
   "Yuzu, he came here with one of those brat's blades obviously he needs to properly learn how to at least hold it or he'll get himself killed." He answers half out the door already. "Not to mention since it's the brat's, it is probably cracked all to hell, need to at least be sure it's safe to use in a fight."
   The woman sighs with exhaustion waving the man off with a spare hand. Once completely gone she pulls a small bag from her ankle. From the bag she retrieves a pipe and small paper pouch full of powder. She first stuffs a small brown leaf into the pipe following it with a fingernail full of powder. She strikes a match and quietly puffs on the pipe paying little attention to the hunched over Adria.
   "How are they doing over there?" Yuzu eventually asks with a glance at Adria.
   "Your daughter?" Adria asks through a yawn.
   "Mhm and my son." She answers with a smirk. "Travis may be stubborn but he loves the boy near as much as my Yui does. He's proud that Gunther respects his art. Maybe if anything he's jealous he doesn't have the time to practice like Gunther does."
   "You haven't thought of selling the farm and setting up closer in town? It'd make things easier for you I bet." Adria says leaning up and waving off Yuzu's offer of the pipe.
   "Mhm, I thought about it a bit but Travis is too stubborn he wouldn't agree to it." She takes another long drag from the pipe blowing a few rings before continuing. "Its tough on him though, there's so much work on a farm and with the kids gone all of it is back on him alone. Twenty years ago he could have handled it but..."
   The back door swung open rapidly with a panicked Travis.
   "Hun. I... I think I broke him." He says with heavy panting and a blue face.
   The two still at the table leap for the door to get a better understanding of just what Travis meant by 'broken'.


CHAPTER EIGHT

   Al once again lay in the familiar room. Well, mostly familiar room, the addition of a cart borrowed from the Yilkins' was odd but not too jarring. Al was still asleep. It had been nearly six hours and evening had completely set in.
   Adria had again endured strange looks from the townspeople but it wasn't exactly something she was unfamiliar with, so she brushed it off. She was more worried about Al.
   As would I be, if I didn't know precisely what was happening. Honestly he really should have found a way to explain it to Adria. Perhaps had she heard the whole story she would have understood a little better what happened.
   Six hours prior Al was being dragged into the backyard with Travis. From there Al impressed the socks off of Travis with a near perfect sword draw. From there Travis demanded Al give up having Gunther train him and instead take him as his master. He thumbed at himself proudly at that statement as if it were something Al would fawn over hearing.
   Al of course made no response, which Travis took as sheer speechlessness. So it was agreed, Travis took the sword from Al and demonstrated true skill with a blade. Skill beaten into a body with endless hours of practice. The farmer transformed into a warrior with a deep fire burning in his eyes.
   Al watched carefully. He took note of every movement, every slice, every mock parry. He imprinted everything adding it to the ever growing pile.
   Then it came his turn to try drawing the sword once more after seeing it properly done.
   Of course with only the prior days data loaded nothing just witnessed could even be mirrored, his draw was exactly the same as the first time.
   As any strict teacher would Travis corrected him mid-draw with a loud "Stop!"
   The rest is on Al. You see he found what he thought was a smart way to deal with the massive amount of data the next reset would be installing. He decided to process it while dreaming. He installed a protocol to activate sleep once the next reset was called.
   Now had he explained this to Adria she may not be so worried, however it's not exactly something he can explain. In fact it may not even be something he is aware of consciously, it's all subroutines deep in his programming.
   No one said combining a machine intelligence with a human brain is easy. He is in uncharted territory.
   At around 16 trillion cycles Al's software completed its update and began to reboot into the new revision.
   "Oh." Al says in slight shock. He couldn't help but smile. He understood things. He could think back on past things he heard and understand them in ways never before possible. He remembered the fight. He remembered the rumors in the town. He began to get a true grasp of his place in the world and that world in general.
   Adria sat in a chair snoring softly a couple feet away. He couldn't help wanting to just watch her for awhile but he thought better of it due to some random incomprehensible variables.
   "Adria." He says softly for the first time in his life. He extends a hand and presses her shoulder gingerly.
   "Mm..." Adria mumbles opening her eyes carefully before thinking back a few moments. "Wait, what'd you say?"
   "What?" Al asking cocking his head and unconsciously blushing.
   Adria watches his face carefully somewhat surprised by the sight. His eyes follow hers carefully unlike just two days ago when he looked like a dead fish. His cheeks had turned pink as if he weren't just made of clay, a massive change from the prior days.
   "Stop staring at me." Al says after a few moments once the proper variables trigger the response.
   "Sorry. You are just seem... so different now." She says with a reluctant smile. "I am glad you feel better though. You scared the hell out of us. I will have to tell the Yilkins you are fine. Although if I do that Travis will force you to come train again."
   "I would like to. I have adjusted things, so that won't happen again." Al assures her with a firm nod. "And the food was good too."
   "I see. Well ok." Adria says judging him carefully. "You haven't recovered your memories have you? You seem in much better spirits than normal. And you are actually talking. Its like a miracle."
   "No memories before the guards." Al says with a shrug.
   ...
   Is he lying or does he not remember meeting me? Technically he was a very basic form at that point. But surely he would have stored the data about the interaction with me for a later analysis right? Does he really not know where he came from. I was sure I checked the box for 'remember past life' in the paperwork I sent down with him.
   "I see." Adria says with a somewhat reassured sigh. "And the talking? You just feeling more talkative?"
   "I learned." Al says honestly.
   "You aren't joking are you." Adria says watching his face carefully for any trace of lies. Not that they would show anyway.
   "No, most I learned from you. Other bits I picked up in town, or books."
   "So you really read those books like you said?"
   Al nods simply. "I agree the military handbook was tough. Thinking back on it, it was mostly just contradictory information."
   "Exactly." Adria says with a laugh. "Now you understand my life. It's nothing but contradiction and loopholes."
   "My condolences." Al says with a shake of his head.
   Adria again laughs at his reaction, reminding herself of the wine-skin she had from the night prior.
   "Drink?" Adria asks holding up the skin after a swig.
   Al grimaces before taking it gingerly from her hands and tilting it back to his mouth. Again his mouth puckers and his eyebrows dig into his eyes painfully. "Blehhh."
   Again Adria collapses into laughter. Once she recovers, before taking the skin from Al, she moves from the chair to the bedside. From there she took the wine and sipped deeply.
   "Not a fan of wine?" She eventually asks after finishing the canteen and setting it aside to wash in the morning.
   "Oh." Al says thinking about some of the information he read earlier in the day. "Then that was the fermented juice of the same wild berries from lunch?"
   "Exactly." She says with a nod happily swinging her head back and forth.
   "I see." He says lifting a hand to his chin. "And the meat, that was...?"
   "Smoked beef." Adria says rubbing her stomach with reminiscent joy. "From a domesticated cow beast."
   "Cow... beast." Al says thinking about the common factor in all the animal names he'd heard so far.
   "Curious?" Adria asks with heavy eyelids.
   "Always." Al answers with a nod.
   Adria lifts herself and brushes the hair from her face. "A long time ago they say a thing called... Ah, Dianna tells this much better than me. Basically what was called the 'big bang' happened like two hundred and fifty years ago. A whole bunch of mana released into the planet turning all the beas... animals into what we now call beasts. They say all sorts of the animals used to be domesticated, but nowadays it's harder. Most of them want to eat us for dinner not get fed by us."
   "Mr. Fred wants to eat me?" Al asks looking at his hands as if judging taste.
   "Probably. But he's a bit different. His grandpa and grandma were raised in a manaless environments in an attempt to return them to the 'cats' we used to keep as rat deterrents."
   Al thinks about it carefully. "And cow beasts?"
   "Yeah cow beasts are an exception I guess. Or, well there are a few others, but the cow beast don't seem to have a taste for human flesh. They are mostly harmless." Adria leans over beside the bed and lifts a small bag of sourdough rolls to the bedside table. She tosses one to Al and bites the other. "Although some people think it's bullshit. They think beasts have always been beasts and we are just holding onto children's bedtime stories."
   Al says nothing instead opting to bite the roll a few times.
   "What do you think? Are we crazy? Could monsters ever really live at peace with us?"
   Al thinks about the questions for a moment before beginning to answer. "I don't think you are crazy. Mr. Fred proves it, right?"
   "You'd think, right?" Adria says with a laugh. "Well people are blind, and what does it matter anyways, people don't care about the past. They have enough worries as it is. Thinking about a past like that does nothing but make us pity our own current situation."
   "The past." Al says blankly, thinking about the term. To him past is every revision prior to the current Al. The silent one, the curious one, the book worm, the sword freak. They felt like the past, almost a different person even. But to Adria, the past is 'the stone princess'. Whatever that means.
   "I wanted to wait until I found out who you are to tell you who I am but, that seems more and more impossible by the day." Adria says understanding where his line of thought had headed based on his line of sight.
   "Princess?"
   "Mhm, although not anymore. I gave all that up. Best thing I ever did. But it's impossible to maintain a low profile as you've noticed I'm sure." Adria smiles grimly. "Again sorry about the fight."
   "No worries." Al says thinking back on the first night. "I learned a lot."
   "Of course, of course." Adria nods "Any more questions? Or can I have my bed back now?"
   "Right." Al rolls out of the bed and onto the pile of clothes beside it.
   Adria shimmies under the covers and into the warm spot Al had left behind. She felt at ease in the heat, like a kitten sunning itself in a warm ray of light. She let out a relaxed sigh as she breathed deep into the pillow noticing a tinge of unfamiliar scent in the pillow.
   "Al," She asks after nuzzling the pillow once more and peeking out the side of it.
   "Hmm?" He asks through a pile of cloth.
   "Why are you always sniffing my clothes when I walk in? Isn't that kind of weird?"
   Al sits silently for a moment before answering "It is weird, but they smell good."
   "My dirty laundry smells good?" She asks with a frown burning through her face.
   "No, just you in general, and when you are gone I miss it." Al explains simply. "Your smell I mean."
   "I see..." Adria says in a sheepish tone. "Night, Al"
   "Goodnight." Al replies despite his own lack of tiredness.
   He didn't mind. There was still work to do. He wanted to re-calibrate his body in order to better implement the sword technique copied from Travis. 
   Around fifteen minutes after Adria drifted to sleep, once he was sure she was out he stood and carefully touched the tips of each of his fingers and toes in order to have a better understanding of how his body worked. With the new data added wielding a sword should prove easy.
   Next is visual data. He placed one of the lit candles a few inches from his face then he stepped back a few paces watching the change in size versus the distance he walked. He also logged the change in intensity of the light but having no use for the data kept it for long term storage.
   Last he wanted to test his reflexes. He drops a pencil and rips it out of the air a second later with the other hand. He attempts again with a small delay, timing how quickly the pencil drops as well as how quickly he can recover.
   With notes on his abilities as well as the speed at which gravity effects things Al finally felt like he had an understanding of his world. Perhaps he was naive in thinking it was really all that simple.
CHAPTER NINE

   "Reading again?" The priest asks rounding a shelf and nearly plowing into Al. "You know you can read in the sanctuary."
   "Sorry Father. It takes too long to walk back and forth." Al replies without looking up from the book. He flips a page and begins rapidly scanning it.
   "It's alright." The priest says with a shake of his head. "Well it seems Mr. Fred has come to like you so you are more than welcome to hang out in the library."
   "Mr. Fred is a cat?" Al asks either philosophically or idiotically.
   "Mhm I don't know if it's entirely true but it's the closest we will see nowadays." The priest says rubbing the cat beast's head gingerly. "He likes books you see, so he had to be the librarian. No one else fit the bill quiet like Mr. Fred."
   Al glances at the cat beast who stared back at him coolly. "He's a good librarian."
   "The best, it's part of his DNA. See I fibbed a bit about his qualifications. Its the books see." The priest takes his staff and holds it aloft although nothing interesting happens. "See."
   "See what?"
   "Exactly. Can't use magic in a library. The books remove the mana from the air. Scholars say it's the paper."
   "Magic." Al says thinking about the words he read the day prior about the subject. He saw no mention of it being disrupted by paper. The priest noticed Al was looking at the two magic books he had read yesterday.
   "Probably not written about in those. Its a fairly new discovery and it took awhile for other scholars to corroborate the claim."
   Al frowned at this knowledge. The fact that his information might not be up-to date annoyed him. He wanted concise accurate information. He mentally made a note on all information taken from the books saying 'out of date'.
   Magic was a strange concept to him. He couldn't exactly place why. He had the word in his head but it still felt like an impossibility. Mana on the other hand completely didn't exist in his dictionary. He figured out the word based on context but still it felt difficult to comprehend, another annoyance to Al.
   "Can I see?" Al asked looking at the staff in the priests hand.
   "See...? Oh. Magic? Sure. Come to the other side of the building with me." The priest turns and begins walking, glancing back at Mr. Fred to see if he was joining.
   Al scans a few pages quickly and sets the book back on the shelf next to the rest of the encyclopedia's.
   So far his favorite was 'G', although 'A' was a close second. But he set that aside in interest of seeing magic. Could he analyze it the same way he could any other physical phenomenon? He was interested to see.
   "Magic is the control of the free mana in the air through one of multiple ways. I use a staff." The priest explains holding the gemmed staff in the air. "But some people can manipulate it through their body, others draw it into objects, there are tons of various other obscure ways but those are the typical ones."
   "Golems?" Al asks, getting to the core of one of his interests.
   "Right that's the object one. A mana core is made with a set of instructions and a golem engineer... Well I don't know how they do it but they can get the things to move. It's unnatural if you ask me."
   "Interesting." Al says thinking about the new information. "I want to make one."
   "You want to make Golems? Well first see if you can even observe magic. I'll show you, watch close." The priest again raises his staff as he had in the library. This time a bright yellow light glows from the jewel and along an inscription up the length. The yellow isn't the only thing visible though, along the corona of the light a hint of milky purple lives.
   "Pretty." Al says watching it in amazement.
   "What color do you see?"
   "Yellow." Al says staring at the center. He then looks again at the ridge of the glow. "And purple."
   "So you can see today's color then? That's a good sign, you might have a shot."
   "Today's color?"
   "Mhm, mana colors change like the weather, even now a hint of green has started drifting in from the west." The priest explains with a nod to the right-hand side of the golden sphere.
   "Color," Al says looking to the stained glass windows, "Color is hard."
   "You're right there." The priest says with a nod. "On black days I can't perform ceremonies."
   "Black day?"
   "Day's where black mana drifts into town. Depending on the magic you use, different mana colors will effect you in different ways. A golem engineer wouldn't have to worry about it but for instance a fire mage not using a staff could be fatally injured if they performed magic while in blue mana. I'll show you a few higher level books since you seem interested."
   Al looks excited about the new information but he quickly looks at the sky with a touch of concern.
   "Tomorrow. Have to go now."
   "Alright, tomorrow then. Don't get into trouble now Al."
   "I won't." Al confirms with a nod.
   His new destination is the Yilkins house for another day of lessons. His latest build has a new revision to the reset protocol, it wasn't easy to install but preventing issues like yesterdays premature nap was a necessary step.
   The revision allowed for the offloading of certain data to the next reset. For instance today Al acquired around forty thousand new conversational scripts as well as the reaction data from the previous nights calibration.
   These things added with the knowledge from half of the encyclopedias in the library would require at least a few minutes of downtime. And downtime wouldn't be tolerated during a lesson. And the reset code will be used, Travis is an extremely domineering teacher.
   "You're late." The man standing beside the road nearest the Yilkins farm says with a dirty scowl smeared across his face.
   "Sorry, Library." Al answers with a dip of his head.
   "You get enough sleep or what?" The man asks rubbing his rough cheek. "You ready today? Won't pass out again?"
   Al about to respond lets out a loud stomach growl.
   "Ah fine. Lets go. Can't keep Yuzu waiting forever now."
   The two began walking towards the old farmhouse Travis was secretly thrilled Al had come, Yuzu seemed to be more lively with people visiting and Travis was pumped to train a receptive student.
   The lunch was much like yesterday except the rolls were more plentiful and the strawberries were fading in favor of winter cherries.
   Today Travis showed Al a method of smearing mashed fruit onto the rolls as opposed to meat. Al was a fan, and today he even saved room for dessert, a part of the meal he was particularly interested in.
   After the meal, lessons began. There were countless adjustments of stance and grip, but Travis was extremely impressed with Al's newfound finesse.
   "Were you just hustling me yesterday? Today your draw is almost perfect. Did you really learn from Gunther?"
   "No, I learned from you." Al replies as if obvious.
   "I meant before that. I mean, that kid can hold a sword alright but... I didn't think he'd teach someone to this level." Travis says shaking his head and pondering the names he'd called Gunther in the past. 'Competent sword teacher' was never one of them. "This is a good sword too, if you see him on your way back to town, you tell him that. This is a good sword."
   Travis, again holding the snow white arced blade swings it carefully before gripping it with both hands and weighting the balance carefully. After taking a deep breath and handing the blade back to Al, Travis sends a for long glance in the direction of a small  blackened shed.
   Lessons continue with Travis slowly improving Al's technique. The improvements themselves were things beyond what Travis himself was currently capable with his body so they couldn't be demonstrated. Every attempt was followed by another shout of 'Stop!'.
   From there Al would load the previous improvements and try again. This actually made the lesson progress at extremely fast speeds.
   Within the four hour time frame between lunch and Adria returning home from work Al had nearly mastered what took Travis a generation to learn.
   As Al began the journey back to the Apartments where Adria lived Travis sat somewhat speechless in a chair outside the old farmhouse. He took a sip from a mug and rejected the offered pipe from Yuzu.
   "Ya'ok?" She asks through an exhale of heavy smoke.
   "Mhm, just thinkin." Travis says plainly.
   "That don't give me much." Yuzu says eyeing him carefully.
   Travis sighs and grips the pipe from his wife's wrinkled hands. He inhales from it deeply sparking the glowing ember deep in the pile of ashes. "I was always kind of... well cocky about my sword skills. It's my ace in the hole, it's my 'I'm different than these boring farmers', but now..."
   "Well Al isn't a farmer." Yuzu offers with a worried expression.
   "No but, he could probably learn in a few months what I could in a lifetime. And, as it is, my body can't do anymore to master swordsmanship. I've reached and passed my prime for that."
   "But you are thinking you could still swing a hammer?" Yuzu asks noticing his glance in the direction of his old crumbling shed.
   "Gunther's good, but he's too light on the anvil, if he could just..."
   "You want to teach him?"
   "I want to teach anyone who wants to learn. Teaching that kid... no, just the teaching in general, it felt good. Passing on something worth having before I go."
   "That's a very sudden about face don't you think?"
   "Yeah but... I'm hard on Gunther because it's Yui, I mean... It's Yui..."
   "I know." Yuzu says with a smirk tapping the pipe on the chair arm and brushing the ash into the wind. "Let's go see his shop tomorrow, I need stuff in town anyways."
   "F... Fine."


CHAPTER TEN

   Adria was headed in the direction of her apartment building when she heard what would be a normal clamor in the direction of one of the two seedy alleys in town. She planned to ignore it as always but the presence of Al in her life made her think twice.
   She peered down the darkening alley cautiously. Realistically there were only a few people in town that would really be her opponent. But the main potential antagonist in question was definitely one of them, and he worked with four of the others.
   Instead of the fight she dreaded seeing, she was faced with a squire she vaguely recognized hiring a haggard prostitute. The squire's eyes widened when he noticed Adria but Adria simply waved him off. In fact she was more impressed he had noticed her at all. She might need to take a closer look at his advancement qualifications.
   'Well good.' She thought to herself as she stepped into the lobby area of the apartment. She nimbly stepped up the stairway and cranked the door knob.
   But the room lay quiet and empty. A once familiar sight, is now almost sickening. Where is he? Why isn't he sniffing my panties or inspecting his own body in far too great of detail? Had he gotten lost on the way home? Or maybe he is just late from lessons? Would he have stopped to get dinner, or maybe eat with the Yilkin's? No. He knows we eat together.
   Adria's mind raced across the possibilities but none of them struck her. The only thing that did was Kanger.
   It had to be Kanger.
   Without another thought she stepped towards the door and slammed it shut behind her, racing for the street. She had to think carefully, she couldn't just run into the adventure guild with accusations and questions. Carefully she attempted to reign in her shortening breaths, but the fear and worry was only growing stronger by the moment.
   She needed to find evidence. No, she needed to find him.
   Safe and sound ideally.
   She would check the Inn first, it's possible Al was impatient and decided to eat stew on his own. It's not like she hated the idea of eating without him but she would feel a bit betrayed if that were in fact the case.
   Its merely coincidence that the first destination was also a known hangout for Kanger. Yes, coincidence.
   Adria again thanked the gods that stationing her in a small village as opposed to a massive city, searching 'every bar in town' sounds tiring.
   The Inn was relatively close to Adria's apartment building, and based on its size it didn't take long to search. The results were scary, he hadn't been seen. And neither had Kanger.
   So then where? Where would Al end up if not eating or at the apartment? Maybe his claim that he wouldn't get lost was wrong? If that were the case where would she even start? The library? Or the Yilkin's?
   "Lieutenant Commander." Adria heard through a muddle of thoughts, hyperventilation, and the added din of the busy Inn.
   Finally out of her head Adria glances at the source of the noise. It was one of the two guards from the very first day. Higgins was it?
   "Higgins? What?" Adria asks flatly.
   "It's your boyf... No, it's the guy from that day. He's... He's in jail. You should come down I... I can't exactly explain."
   "Not good enough. Try!" Adria demands digging the butt of her sword into the man's gut. The sudden clamor of the sword unsheathing drew the attention of the entire Inn but Adria didn't care. Her image was the last thing she was worrying about at this moment.
   "Yes Ma'am. He was arrested for attacking Kanger and two of his men but it's..."
   "That's absurd!" Adria demands replacing her half drawn sword and quickly turning for the door.
   Higgins attempted to call out to her but it ended in failure. It's not like he could truly explain the situation. She could better understand if she saw for herself.
   Adria again rushed across town, this time she was sure Kanger had caused trouble. But she couldn't shake a feeling. The commander should understand the situation now right? So why is Al the one in prison and not Kanger and his cronies.
   The answer was one she was unwilling to wait for, she racked her mind with every step. Why did this happen? What could she have done to prevent it? Or was it inevitable?
   She couldn't accept that.
   Why did she let him go alone? It was supposed to be her job to protect him. And now she felt she had failed even that.
   She kicked herself internally as she finally reached the Fort at the edge of town. She took a deep breath to calm herself and pulled on the heavy knob of the reinforced door. It grinded coarsely before budging. She noted the door for a refurbishment and then scrubbed the thought from her mind. She had a priority here.
   "Aundly. Where is..." Adria began but the receptionist dashed for the door the moment he saw her.
   The sight was strange for Adria. This was insubordination! Or was it dereliction of duty? Malfeasance?  Well it's in that book somewhere that's for sure.
   As she fumed two soldiers as well as the receptionist reentered the room. Adria prepared herself momentarily but quickly realized it was unnecessary, both guards were unarmed ones from the dungeon staff.
   "Ma'am, come with us."
   "Why?" Adria asks. "Just bring me to Al. And release him already, this is obviously all Kanger's fault he already threate..."
   "We know. And we are. Please, just come with us. The commander himself asked for you."
   Adria gazed at the two with a bewildered expression. "What the hell's going on?"
   "Just come see." The other soldier offers, opening the door to the corrections wing of the fort.
   Adria wordlessly follows the two as they bounce between doors leading deeper into the fort. Eventually after a half dozen, half stuck doors, the three reach a much larger room with an assortment of chairs, desks, and a wall covered in lockers and filing cabinets.
   A few recognizable faces were scattered around the room but Al's wasn't one of them. A woman in a white coat was carefully wrapping gauze around Kanger's hand and the commander was glancing over a few forms surrounded by a few of the other higher ups of the fort. Last she spotted, again, the old guild master, Gunther's father, Ian.
   The commander hearing the loud creak of the door notices Adria's entrance first, he quickly waves her over and holds a paper out for her to read.
   "I want your take on all this." The man says indicating to the words in his hands.
   Adria carefully removes the long inked form from his hands and begins reading over it carefully. Each sentence is more surprising then the last.
   "It's a confession?" Adria asks looking at her superior agape. "What the hell is going on? Why did he sign this?"
   The commander carefully takes the paper back from Adria and hands her two more. "These might give you a better explanation."
   The two forms were perspectives of a certain event. The 'Tensor Hill Alley Altercation' of 5/11/537.
   The first went something like this.
   'Party A (Single person) was walking to [------REDACTED-------] when three men (herein Party B) forcefully yanked him into the alleyway. Party B threatened A, and another figure of significance. Party B then began an attack on A but A countered with a single sword strike. From there military intervention was deemed necessary so the three left alive were arrested promptly.'
   Adria looked shocked and began to piece it together before even glancing at the second witness report.
   It read very simply.
   'I need to go home. Those men tried to stop me.'
   "Al... Where is he? Is he hurt? Did they..." Adria glares at Kanger who continued to be bandaged in the left side of the room.
   He notices the glance and shirks back deeper behind the woman who was treating him.
   "He is fine. He is in the next room over. But there are some things we need to conclude in this case still." The commander says again indicating to the first form.
   "I don't understand? What's the problem. This is clear cut. It was an assault for sure. So as was agreed he will be turned crime slave." Ian the guild master finally erupts with a proud nod as if he were being the most clear minded in the room.
   Adria suddenly understands what this was. Kanger has now been charged with much worse than assault. If he was really one of the attacking party it's attempted murder. So they were just going to ignore this event and charge him for the prior? Unbelievable. They aren't satisfied with his execution so they will plead for forgiveness.
   Ian, noticing her gaze slowly turning to cold fury quickly adds another note. "And of course in this event since Kanger was simply unable to restrain his men a simply addition to his price for gross negligence seems adequate don't you think?"
   Adria takes a deep breath as she finally finished piecing together the guild's plan. Adria knew if Kanger was turned crime slave the guild would buy him. It's not unheard of. Its actually a fairly typical use of the system. If a rowdy but talented individual is arrested the guild will buy them and with proper precautions they can be allowed to fight once more.
   They figure even with the price added to his tag for gross negligence they will still be able to afford him and keep him from rotting in the catacombs of the fort or sent to the wilds as cannon fodder.
   Adria sighs with exhaustion. She had been running all around town and now she had to mentally jump through these wild leaps the guild master is making.
   "Fine." She says simply, devising a plan of her own. She hated to use it but this seemed as good a time as ever. She hated the idea of Kanger being back on the streets but she also didn't particularly want to attend an execution. This was a perfect chance to make use of a misconception these people have. "However you forgot one charge to add to his bill."
   "What?" Both Kanger and Ian growl in near unison.
   "You see he called me the stone princess at the Inn. I am sure he said something similar when 'attacking' Al too."
   "Mhm." The commander nods. Adria thought she recognized the handwriting on the first report, so it really was him. 
   "And...?" Ian asks attempting to carefully step around the point he meant to make.
   "That's a crime. Look for yourself if you think I'm lying."
   For once having an overprotective father was a blessing. Originally it was a measure taken to prevent idle whisper in the Royal Palace but at her eighth birthday party it became law. She figured it probably wouldn't hold up to much scrutiny now that she was disowned but peoples misconceptions can be abused once in awhile.
   "Page six eight nine paragraph six, addendum eight four point seven." A voice says after stepping through a doorway.
   "Exactly." Adria says nodding to Al. "So Al, you aren't hurt?"
   "Nope. Safe." He answers with a nod. "Dinner soon?"
   "Yeah definitely." Adria replies with a smile. "Let's go."
   "Ah. Wait. But what about all this." The commander asks from the desk. "Are you both really satisfied with leaving this as an assault charge?"
   "Al doesn't need to see an execution." Adria says simply without a glance over her shoulder.
   "Another execution." Kanger corrects quietly shivering once more at the memory of his followers head falling to the ground. He'd never seen the draw of one sword do so much damage. Four fingers, One head and near disembowelment. Gulping, Kanger turns to the nurse to ask, "Roy... is he...?"
   The doctor woman looks down with a bit of pity. "He succumbed."
   "Two then?" Kanger tries to process with a shake of his head. "What kind of monster did I try to pick a fight with?"
   "You know that monster saved your life with his useless victims report. If he had properly written what you three planned to do you wouldn't have gotten off on this light punishment." The commander says with a snap.
   "Speaking of..." The guild-master say rubbing his hands together graciously. "Has the price yet been decided or...?"
   "Four fifty."
   "Ah, that is not bad at all. I thank you for..."
   "Not fifty silver. Four hundred and fifty gold." The commander corrects with a thick tone.
   Both Kanger and Ian's eye's bulge. "Impossible that's...! That's far to much!"
   "I followed the book, it's a minimum four hundred gold fine for calling her majesty that name."
   "Pe... Pre... Pepposperous." Kanger attempts to say in sheer gall of the situation.
   "Case closed. You can leave Ian." The commander says with a steely glance at the man.
   "I... Understood." The man says with a glare of his own.
   "Guards, put Kanger into a cell until we can get transportation all ready." The commander says towards a group of guards standing alert near the entrance. "Aren't you excited to see the wilds? Central frontier fort is nice this time of year. You're proud of your sword skills correct? Then you should be just fine."
   Kanger only gulps nervously in anticipation.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

   Adria and Al had safely made it back to Adria's building. Al was happily dozing in a pile of blankets and clothing, this time Adria was the one unable to sleep. She was thinking back to something she and Al saw when leaving the fort. Well, Al noticed it, she simply noticed his reaction to it.
   It was a map. More accurately a map of the lands claimed by the royal family. It was by no means one of the largest countries but Al seemed transfixed when he realized the comparable scale the tiny dot representing this town indicated.
   It was like his observance of the world had been wrong from the start. He'd been looking at his environment through a microscope. To him, the world was this single street surrounded by thick forests. He knew little about the small winding artery connecting them to the rest of the country.
   He knew nothing about Adria's arduous journey down that road that felt like so long ago.
   'Nor should he' she thought. Its her job to protect him from that side of the world. She wanted to protect that innocence she still sensed in him. But with today's event was that really possible?
   He killed two people. And not mere pushovers either. Two fully fledged adventurers. Both of whom were fairly skilled, probably only a small step below Kanger's level.
   Who is he?
   Better yet why was she only waiting until now to fully ask herself that.
   Again her defenses against people failed when it came to Al. For instance even now, he sleeps peacefully on her floor. A man, sleeping in a room with her, all alone. This is risque. She's a pri... She was a princess, such a thing would be an enormous scandal. But now she had that freedom. The freedom to find Al on the side of the road and decide to take care of him.
   "Giving it all up really was the best." She quietly mumbles as she snuggles into her rough mattress and shuts her eyes. "You're lucky I'm so nice Al."
   She quickly drifts off into dreams after the lighthearted mumble, she didn't hear Al quietly reply with a quiet 'Thank you.'
   Al during Adria's inner monologuing was indeed sleeping, be he was also contemplating his earlier actions. He was having difficulties coming to grips with what he had done. The death of the two men sparked a few connections in Al. First his own mortality. Second, the fact that despite the fact that he ultimately controls his body, sometimes he can't think fast enough. But that doesn't mean he's alone. There is another thing inside him he can rely on. This must be the 'instincts' he has heard so much about.
   His body chose fight over flight and acted on the muscle memory he had engineered so carefully. But it felt strange to have relied on such an intangible presence. Such an uncontrollable presence. If only the speed of these reactions could be used for normal processing. If reactions could be controlled with programming they could be trusted with greater control.
   But how do you control something that you've felt only once?
   Answers to these questions need to come. Especially considering the newfound size of this world. He thought he was just a grain of sand on a beach but now he's realizing there are other beaches and larger oceans. With a larger world means more knowledge, he was both excited and apprehensive. But he understood neither of the chemicals and brushed of their effects.
   "üś"
   The following morning, again Adria acted as if nothing had changed. She felt it was the best option. She didn't want him knowing about her night full of internal struggling. She just wanted to continue as they had before. She wanted those happy few days back, but she knew things would change now. She didn't know how she knew but she could feel it. This wouldn't go unnoticed.
   Al also acted as if nothing had changed. As for him, it basically hadn't. Of course a new operating system was installed as was done most nights. But he had also decided to softly forget the event. If referenced he could of course respond with a correct conversation chain but the event itself would be removed from core memory. This was in order to reduce likelihood of over-reliance on that phantom presence called 'instinct'.
   Not until it could be controlled. For now that will be an internal priority, but there's no telling if it is even possible.
   "So Al, I get off early tonight how about you stay at the library and I'll pick you up when I finish. We can go get some stew at the Inn." Adria broaches the subject carefully. She didn't expect Al to object but she still didn't want him knowing it was to protect him.
   "Sure." Al acknowledges, amending the itinerary for the day to match Adria's suggestion.
   Adria expected Al would be sad not being able to go to the Yilkins to train again, but then she remembered, this is Al we are talking about. He hasn't shown more than a handful of emotions the entire time she's known him.
   No, Al took it in stride. In fact he was rather excited to have longer to read. He quickly calculated the number of words he could read in the time. The number satisfied him greatly. Then he worried weather he would get hungry during the time. Adria hadn't specified when exactly 'early' was.
   "I'll walk you to the library since it's on the way. And lets get a few apples for you to munch sneakily in the library." Adria says the first part with a hint of deceit however the second line felt pure hearted and casual.
   Al noticed quickly from his mental map of the town that the fort and library were in fact in the opposite directions but he left it alone.
   With the day planned and the morning sun well risen in the sky the two departed. Adria watched around ever corner but Al simply looked straight towards his destination as always.
   The two, as always when walking together, gathered glances. Rumors were less pronounced though. Some even had fond eyes, they were happy the gloomy princess could finally smile. But most had already heard a different more frightening rumor, and it shut their lips.
   It should be mentioned that Adria's identity was supposed to be a secret when she came to this town, but word seemed to spread anyways. The fact that she legitimately had no claim as royalty anymore meant little to these people. 'Once royalty always royalty' they assumed.
   The two, after seeing a variety of responses eventually arrived at the library, apples in hand. Adria glances around the lobby first and then waves Al in. She hides the apples in a nook behind the desk and nods to Mr. Fred as if requesting his silence.
   The cat bobs his head as he leaves, as if accepting the responsibility. But what he wanted in return would remain a mystery.
   A lap to sleep on would probably suffice as payment though.
   Adria quickly looks over a few books on a favorite shelf of hers and grabs one before glancing at the window cautiously.
   "I really should go though. If you need anything..." Adria begins but stops herself to think of a better option. "Ask the priest. He can help. Just... don't leave until I come get you."
   Adria takes a long look at the meticulously kept sword attached at Al's waist. She frowns lightly to herself in thought and then turns for the door.
   "Be good."
   "I will." Al affirms with a nod before taking a book from the same shelf as he had yesterday.
   Adria takes another long look at Al's back before opening and shutting the door behind her.
   Within a dozen steps she decides to inform the priest of her intention of keeping Al inside. She didn't have an exact plan for explaining the reason but she would cross that bridge when she came to it.
   Quietly she steps into the church and peers around for the holy man. She finds him lighting candles in the back and instantly begins dancing around the subject.
   "I completely agree." The priest says without even an explanation. "I understand the situation. I've already begun preparations for the two's services."
   Adria is slightly taken aback by the sudden acceptance, but even more so by the sudden realness of Al's actions. Even if in self defense, he had killed two people. Two citizens of this town that she had made an oath to protect.
   "He made the right decision." The priest says with a nod to the two candles burning on the long stand.
   "Protecting himself?" Adria asks needlessly.
   The priest looks at her strangely before unceremoniously blowing out the two candles. "No, I mean killing those two. They were assholes. I'm just sad a few more didn't go with em."
   Adria looks at him with a slack-jawed expression. "That's not very..."
   "Oh whatever, you agree with me your just trying to act magnanimous."
   "I am not!"
   "Yeah, yeah. I will keep a watch on Al, you get to work already." The priest chastises without waiting for Adria's excuse.
   "Thanks," Adria says with a polite bow before turning back to the door and heading out for real this time.
   She wasn't particularly thrilled about the concept of going to work. It seemed pointless, like a waste of time. Not to mention she doubted the trouble with Kanger and the guild was entirely over.
   She wanted a day off, a day to read like Al. Years ago in the Capital nothing in the world could stop her from reading if she desired, but here and now she had responsibilities. But simultaneously a few of those responsibilities were what called her to stay.
   She shrugs it off with a pout and begins walking towards the fort.

   
CHAPTER TWELVE

   Days passed with the new routine in place, Al's reading speed had increased dramatically with the addition of a function that allowed the possibility of comprehending words without entirely reading them. If the first and last letters were confirmed there was a 94% probability of correctly inferring the word.
   Adria too had gotten used to the change. She still reluctantly left the library each morning, but once at work she did her duty as quickly and efficiently as possible. Surprisingly work hadn't really changed since the fight. It was business as usual. The monotonous road patrols, tax documents, inspections. She heard the guild branch was in semi-disarray for awhile after the events but that was not much of her concern.
   The library clinked occasionally with the sound of wood hitting wood. Adria immediately recognized the sound and let out a low groan. "Again with the chess?"
   "I will win this time!" The priest says with a frown as he inspects Al's move. "I just need him to have a bad game like..."
   "Like the time you taught him to play?" Adria asks skeptically.
   "I can do it, this time for sure. He plays too conservatively. I'll just throw him off by..." The priest replies with a proud grin as he moves a piece. Quickly Al moves his pawn and the priest lets out a groan.
   "See." Adria says with a grin. "Nobody can beat Al, he's the best at everything he tries. You should try playing him in tick tack toe, or dots."
   The priest bows his head in reverence of the loss. That made over a dozen now. Al as always immediately returns his attention to the book sitting beside the game board.
   "You could at least pretend it was hard." The priest pouts as he lifts himself from the small table and sets the game board and pieces on an empty shelf. Al doesn't respond, instead opting to lift another book from the shelf in preparation of finishing the one he currently held.
   "He's already shifted to romances?" Adria asks glancing at the two books in his hands.
   "Mhm, he finished the textbooks a few hours after he got here." The priest confirms with a nod. The two exchanged odd glances at the speed of his reading at first, but now it was almost common sense that he could finish a whole rack in less than a day.
   "I didn't imagine he would finish them this quickly." Adria says with a frown, "Have you read anything that's jogged your memory?"
   Al glances at her when he realizes she was speaking to him. "No, nothing."
   The two observers frown at the news. The chances that the remaining few dozen books in the library would, was fairly low at this point.
   The priest is the first to think of an option. Or perhaps just the first to speak on it. "What about the library in Jinx?"
   "What about it?"
   "Why don't I take him when I go visit the Earl next week?" The priest says through a bite of apple.
   "You want..." Adria begins, trying to process the words. "I don't think that's a good idea. What if something happens or..."
   "Relax, I've been to Jinx and back dozens of times, nothing will happen." The priest reassures her with an extended thumb.
   "I just... I just don't think it's a good idea. If you leave town there is no telling what could..." Adria begins but stops when she notices Al's undivided attention directed at her.
   "Leave town?" Al asks simply with arched eyebrows.
   "Do you want to?" The priest asks trying to prompt an ideal response.
   Adria begins to speak but she stops herself again. She did want to know his answer, was he bored here? Did he perhaps wonder if leaving town would help his memory? She wasn't trying to keep him isolated from the world, she was just worried. 
   "Well?" She asks as Al glances to her, "Think you will be ok without me?"
   "You won't come?"
   "Well I have work to do, the quarter is almost over so I have tons of paperwork to finish." Adria explains with a grimace. She hated the idea of separating but she also wondered if perhaps she was doing the same thing her parents had to her. Perhaps he needed distance the same way she did. 
   "So what do you think? Wanna join my clergy for a few days?" The priest offers again with a suspicious grin.
   "You have an ulterior motive don't you?" Adria asks, unwilling to beat around the bush.
   The priest laughs before explaining. "Of course, I want to have Al challenge the Earl in chess."
   "Should have figured." Adria says with a roll of her eyes. "Well it's up to Al, if he wants to go I won't prevent it. It seems like he wants to see more of the outside world so it would be feel wrong to deny him that."
   Again the attention turns back to Al. He was unsure what they wanted from him, Al wasn't designed to make choices. His entire life he has only responded to inputs from others. He understood the concept of yes and no of course. But when it came to giving a decision on two options Al felt lost.
   'Why consult me?' He thought to himself, 'just tell me what to do.'
   Of course there was a piece of him that wondered about what new information he could find in this other city but expressing that feeling felt difficult.
   "You should go." Adria finally says allowing Al a way out of the situation. Now he knew exactly what to do.
   "I'll go." Al answers after Adria's prompting.
   "You will?" The priest replies with a wide smile. "It will be good to have someone to travel with. I think you will like Jinx. Of course you won't find what you love so much about Tensor hill but it's a good place."
   "What do you mean?" Adria asks, likely referring to the second part of the holy man's statement.
   "Oh nothing." The priest explains with a smirk as if he understood all in the world.
   Adria and Al both glance at him and then between themselves before returning to their tasks. Adria, searching the various shelves for a new book and Al continuing his double fisted reading technique.
   The priest realizing he would get no better response from teasing the two went back to his office to finish his own work.
   The library once more switched to the sound of flipping pages. The time passed and the two slowly grew hungry. Without a word the two agreed to leave. Al mentally noted the book he had last finished on the rack and followed Adria to the door. The two wave to Mr. Fred and receive a silent response.
   The current destination was the Inn. Al looked straight ahead while Adria glanced around each building. Of course nothing had happened in the past few days but Adria was still on her toes.
   Once again the trip was completed safely. Adria and Al happily sipped stew and the bar remained quiet this go around. Although a few whispers were directed at Al from adventurers in the know.
   The rumor currently was, 'avoid the quiet one's bad side'. And whatever you do, 'don't speak badly about the princess'.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

   "All prepared?" Adria asks looking over the bag she had assisted Al in packing. She already had its contents memorized but she felt the need to inspect it once more.
   Al knew he wasn't supposed to answer this question, Adria was doing that on her own. The pack contained the few clothes Al had acquired since coming to the town a few weeks prior. A coat provided by HR as well as a fur lined hat Adria bought him on a particularly cold morning.
   Adria had also purchased a good bit of beef jerky from the Yilkins farm for Al to eat along the road. It should be mentioned that 'road' is a bit of an overstatement when talking about the winding path Al and the priest would be using.
   The path was rarely kept, little more than a divot in the forest floor. Few places could barely even allow a single cart to pass. Typically it was seen as more efficient to ship items from Jinx to the Capital and from there move it along the safer road to the hill. Not that very much trade made its way to the small outskirt village anyway.
   All these facts compounded Adria's worries. But she figured, quiet correctly, that if she brought up any of her reservations with Al, he would choose to stay.
   'This will be good for him', she told herself.
   "Alrighty, looks good." Adria says with a nod to the backpack. She draws the string at the top sealing it and hands it back to Al. "Be careful though ok, you know what to do if you run into trouble."
   "No survivors."
   "Actually lets switch it to one survivor, incapacitated. Thinking about it, Kanger's statement helped you get out of jail so you should stick to that."
   "Understood." Al responds with a nod, adjusting his protocol for the situation for a fourth time.
   "And..." Adria begins but is unable to finish the sentence simply due to the fact she had said it all a dozen times. "Just, come back safe."
   "I will." Al agrees with another nod.
   But still Adria was worried. She couldn't help the feeling of dread. What if he ran into something that wasn't human? This area is fairly safe with nothing more than the occasional wolf or deer beast. But there are those once in a million stampedes or rogue bear beasts. And there is weather too, the area normally doesn't have too harsh of winters but blizzards aren't impossible.
   No, she just needed to get out of her own head.
   "Let's go see if his holiness is ready."
   Only then did it dawn on Adria that the priest would also be protecting Al so even more advanced monster probably wouldn't pose a problem.
   She felt a bit relieved but the feeling would never really fade she figured.
   The two walked through the town paying little mind to the glances. At this point it was common place. Of course, to Adria, it was always commonplace and to Al it was just something that had happened since day one so he thought it was normal.
   Pity he couldn't live a quiet life in peace. Oh well, this is fine too.
   Eventually they reached the church/library, outside with his normal staff stood the priest armed in thicker leather reinforced robes. The look was a stark difference from the normal dark robes he wore in the church.
   Noticing Al's odd glance at the robes the priest explained in a few words. "In the wilds, black is meant for godless men. So we wear white."
   Al noticed the scarf he wore was also a pearly white colored wool.
   "It's to be safe. You don't wanna be seen as a bandit. Your clothes are pretty bright though, you shouldn't run into trouble with guards." Adria explain flipping an end of the scarf. "But if all else fails you have that letter I gave you."
   "I'm telling you it's unnecessary. I've never hit a snag on this trip."
   "Well you were doing it alone, so it's different this time."
   "Yeah, yeah. Come on Al. Lets hit the open road."
   Al looks between the two's lively conversation and takes notes. He then glances once more at Adria. She had thick film lining her eyes and attempted to cover it by wiping her face quickly with a gloved hand.
   "Come back safe. You hear me. One week, if you aren't back I'll be... I'll be really mad, I'll come looking for you."
   "I'll be back. I promise." Al affirms gripping Adria's hand and giving her a piercing look to imply his sincerity.
   Adria quickly grips him into a hug to again cover for the tears growing around her eyes.
   Quietly over Al's shoulder the priest assures her the two will come back safe. But Adria remained apprehensive.
   "Come on, time's a wasting. If we want to hit the best camping spot we've got to leave soon." The priest again prompts yanking on the scarf Al wore.
   "Be careful!" Adria shouts as the two begin disappearing away from the church.
   "Yeah, yeah. Jeez, your less a girlfriend more a mom."
   "I'm not his...!" Adria begins to shout but the priest simply waves his hand and begins chatting quietly with Al. Or chatting at Al maybe.
   "I'm not his mom..." Adria quietly mumbles, not thinking of what that implied instead.
   "üś"
   "You don't talk much do you Al?" The priest says after several miles of Al's silent company. "Other than to Adria."
   Al again remains quiet at the prompt. Instead he continues listening to the sounds of the forest and watching the plants and trees sway in the wind. Every minor detail about the path was noted. He had a protocol to follow so this path must be memorized.
   Speaking of protocols currently there are three main ones. First, follow Adria. If the first is impossible the second is, 'learn'. This one is very rarely impossible but if that ever were the case the final protocol, a pass-over from his old life inside silicone and spinning platters, 'build a copy of yourself'.
   The way these were implemented was a little more complex than simply order of operations though. 'Follow Adria' for instance took into account the possibility of Adria sending Al somewhere like she did with the Yilkins or the Library. In that case protocol two would be initiated until such time that protocol one can be resumed.
   Of course there are those other random protocols littered about as well, the stop command for instance still works without any authentication although problems with long reload times have been corrected so that shouldn't pose too much trouble.
   Oh maybe I'm just being paranoid like Adria. I suppose I have to let go someday.
   "Lets stop here for the night Al." The priest says triggering exactly what I worried about.
   "Reset." Al responds with a nod as he sets down his backpack on the grassy patch a few hundred feet of the path.
   "What?" The priest ask, surprised by the sudden response.
   "Ah, nothing. I'll gather some firewood and see if there are any snow berries left on those patches we walked past." Al quickly responds glancing around the fire-pit for larger chunks of charcoal to start a base with.
   "You... talk?" The priest responds with a snort. "Took you long enough. Well alright, I'll set up the shelter and lay out the bags. If you can't find any berries before the sun starts setting come on back."
   "Understood." Al responds with a firm nod before turning to search further out for kindling and food.
   This new Al was fully prepared for camping. It took longer than expected to create the update but conversation tree's as well as general knowledge was assembled for the trip. Al now was able to look back on the earlier data with fresh eyes. He noted beast trails they had missed. Nothing out of the ordinary for the area but they were things to look out for on the journey back.
   He kicked himself thinking back on the mass of wild potatoes that the two had walked almost directly through a few hours prior. If only this was implemented sooner.
   Feeling down Al returned to the campsite to see a stark difference. Even without the campfire the area was light well by the soft glow of the priests staff.
   "Ah, you caught me." The priest says with a smirk after the light dims and he opens his clenched eyes. "I bless this place every time I camp here. It keeps the grass nice and prevents large scale animal invasions. Although technically it's misuse of my church given powers I think it's worth it if it can keep the area a tad safer."
   Al doesn't respond, instead he glances around at the changing flow of mana after the priests spell finished. It was originally an olive green tinge but now it pulsed blue until the green was almost entirely invisible.
   "Lots of migrant workers use this path so, better safe than sorry, you know?"
   Al nods after returning his glance to the visible world. "Yes. Better safe than sorry."
   "I thought you'd get it." The priest says with a laugh extending his staff to the pile of sticks Al had assembled in the charred pit.
   After a moment of crackling and another glow the fire ignites into flames.
   "Another thing that you definitely shouldn't tell the anyone that I did." The priest giggles as he reaches into his pack and pulls two flat loaves of bread. Noticing Al's glance upon receiving the bread he briefly explains. "Priests bread is different. Try it like this."
   The priest splits the flatbread in half, turning it into a small round pocket. He then stuffs a bit of the preserved meat into it. He then bites into it and smiles in satisfaction.
   "Better with the sauce but you get the point."
   Al follows his method and takes a bite of the makeshift sandwich. It's not as flavorful as what he was used to eating with Adria but it's still a good meal. "It's good."
   "Glad you like. We'll be eating it for breakfast and lunch."
   "No, we can find food on the trail." Al assures him after another bite of the sandwich.
   "Oh? Is anything still in season? I know there are a few..."
   "There is lots." Al assures him with little backing his claim.
   The priest shrugs and takes a large bite of the bread, "If you say so Al."


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

   "Al, it's a little rude to read while pla..." The priest begins to chastise but the well adorned man sitting across from Al shakes his head and raises a hand.
   "It's fine. You said he came here to read didn't you? I don't mind it." The Earl responds, eventually deciding on his move and clicking the piece across the board.
   "Check." Al responds moving his piece without a glance.
   "Dammit! What is that... game eight?" The earl shouts with a bit of earnest anger. "Let's set it up once more. After that you can focus on reading. I think I have an idea of how to beat him."
   Al doesn't bother informing the man that in fact his chances of victory were very slim. Every move the Earl could make was analyzed by Al, dozens of alternative strategies were switched between, ten's of thousands of moves were calculated and classified with their chance to win.
   Al only ever chose the best move possible. The earl had nearly no chance of winning.
   Al turns a page in his book as the Earl once again sets the pieces on the chess board.
   "You weren't kidding about this kid." The earl says turning to the priest who loomed in the back of the room casually. "There's no way you taught him."
   "I thought the same thing." The priest laughs. "But really I just taught him the mechanics. From there it was all him. After the first game I think it all just clicked for him. Honestly I have learned more from him than I ever taught him. Its amazing watching some of his plays, it makes me want to try them myself."
   "He's not using the same moves either. I tried to throw him off by sacrificing my queen but he called my bluff and I was in check in two turns."
   "He learns quick. For all we know it did throw him he just quickly recovered." The priest contemplates with a hand to his chin thinking of his own games against the young prodigy.
   "He won't tell us himself?" The earl asks glancing at the silently reading Al.
   "When he's reading he only talks to Adr... his friend back in the village." The priest explains with a snort. Then he thinks better of it and adds a quick addendum. "Well he did talk to me once about magic but once I told him all I could he began ignoring me like this again."
   "He's interested in magic?" The earl asks rubbing his chin and glancing at Al who gripped a new book from a nearby shelf.
   "Mhm, if I remember right he said he wanted to learn about making golems. But since then he's not really shown much interest. Although that maybe my fault for not having much knowledge of the topic."
   "Golems?" The earl asks with a quizzical expression. "Heh, if you were here a few days ago he could've met the toymaker."
   "Oh, for you or Michelle?" The priest asks absently making conversation.
   "Michelle, I think she's old enough. We decided on a unicorn design in a sickening pink color. But the toymaker said he would repaint it in the future for a fairly small fee. He can even take the horn off."
   "He run's good business I guess." The priest says with a respecting nod.
   The earl agrees with a slow nod of his own, "He's realized their ultimate limit and focused on use. Instead of trying to innovate a machine, he's making use of what they can do well. So many engineers attempt to make them into pets or humans, but one can never really love a gearbox."
   "Mhm," The priest lightly murmurs.
   "Michelle is extremely excited. Of course Carol.... Carol says it's dangerous but," The Earl seems to be unable to finish and lightly pats his eyes with a handkerchief. "Ah, well. Such is life."
   "Carol's condition hasn't improved at all?" The priest asks dipping his head reverently.
   "No, and the doctor still has no idea what the problem is. It's difficult." The Earl again speaks through a sniff.
   "Watching the one's closest to you experience pain is never easy." The priest says solemnly "What is most important is remaining strong for them. If you continue to fight so will your wife."
   Al, who had been reading silently had in fact been paying close attention to the talk. He felt an unplaceable tinge in his chest at the thought of the person closest to him in pain. He wondered for a moment if he may be sick but he quickly associated the correct reason after a quick health self check. "Your wife, she's sick?"
   "Oh? Al? Finally showing an interest." The Earl says with a light grin. "Although not many people outside the castle know it, you are a friend of the holy man here so no harm in you knowing."
   The earl takes a deep breath and begins to recount the story.
   "It was likely during the pregnancy itself." He explains racking his brain again for more details he may have missed in a story he's told a thousand times. "For awhile the baby would kick almost nonstop, it was Carol's 'alarm clock' she used to say. Then one afternoon she collapsed, after that the kicking stopped so we grew worried. She requested I call doctors from all over to be sure the baby was ok. Now we don't have the widest coffers but hiring a few doctors wasn't out of the realm of possibility so I did it. We called in dozens of doctors. They said a variety of things. Some said the baby was already gone, some said it was just fine, they said it was 'sleepy'. Only one offered a fix. A hooded woman who came well recommended from a few friends. She offered to give my wife a shot that could save our daughter's life. Of course we agreed. After hearing so many random guesses it was nice to have one person assuring us they could help. And she was right. Within a few days the kicking returned and the birth was a perfect success."
   The priest bows his head and presses a few fingers to his chest as if the event were a miracle.
   "The problem comes a few months after the birth of our darling Michelle. Carol complained that she couldn't lose the baby weight. I promised her she looked fine but she said it was not right. After that she collapsed again. Her... um... Well, she was not passing a fluid of the correct color. It was blood red. Now our only options was to call the same doctors again, and get a dozen different answers, again."
   "You still can't find the woman who gave your wife the shot?" The priest asks with a half frown.
   "If I did I... Ah, I don't know." The Earl says with a frown of his own.
   "May I see her?" Al asks with his patented emotionless expression.
   "Carol? I..." The Earl glances at the priest who shrugs. "I suppose so. Please come with me, it's quiet a walk."
   "Can I bring a..."
   "Yes, bring a book with you." The Earl says with a sigh.
   Al grips a book from a nearby shelf and returns the one he had been holding. He quickens his pace to catch up with the priest and Earl who had already made their way to the door of the long library.
   Al of course had realized the impossibility of reading all these countless shelves in such a short time, but he still swore one day he would.
   Al and the priest, lead by the Earl bounced through the long stretches of hallways. They passed countless guards and patrols each of which made some form of bow or salute to the Earl who waved them off nonchalantly.
   Al found the form of attention interesting, it was much different than the whispers he and Adria received when they walked around town.
   Eventually they arrived at the door surrounded by another group of guards. They stood at careful attention and seemed even better armed than other guards of the area. The guards glance over the two strangers before making a tight salute to the Earl.
   The Earl copies the salute and carefully knocks on the door twice. Oddly a response doesn't come. He carefully grips the knob and lifts it to draw the door open. He glances inside and smiles at the peaceful expression of Carol asleep on the bed.
   She shifts and her expression twists into a grimace for a moment before returning to tranquility.
   The Earl frowns and shows the priest and Al inside the room with a finger to his mouth.
   They follow his instructions and quietly enter. He shuts the door behind him carefully and steps over to his wife's bedside.
   He begins to gently rock her body in an effort to wake her but Al has already begun his prognosis.
   If you asked why he was doing this he would say he didn't know. The pain he felt in his chest at thinking of Adria laying on this bed in pain was a strong motivator though.
   "It's mana." Al quietly whispers almost to no one. If the priest hadn't possessed good ears it really would have been to no one.
   "Mana? You..." The priest looks at him quizzically. "What do you mean?"
   Without a moment to explain, the door behind them opens once again with the form of an older man in a long white jacket fuming. "Sir, I understand your desire to speak with you wife but she really must get rest. And who are these people? It is uncouth to bring so many..."
   "Hmm? Oh, honey?" Carol asks glancing around the room through drowsy eyes, "What's going on?"
   "Ah, Carol this is my friend Al he..." The Earl begins to say but he's rudely cut off.
   "Al, keep talking. What were you talking about a moment ago."
   Al looks to the priest and explains it as if simple. "It looks like there is a mass of dark mana behind her stomach. Its formed a growth of some kind, it's currently pushing on her kidneys, probably cutting into her ureter's causing the discoloration and irregularity of the urination. Also it seems if it's allowed to continue growing it will crush her ovaries and eventually kill her."
   The entire group look at Al as if he were insane. Each for a different reason. The priest for the mention of Dark mana. The Doctor for the first practical realistic diagnosis. And the Earl for the mere possibility of his wife's death.
   "How... How do you know there is dark mana?" The priest asks gripping at Al's shoulders.
   "I can see it." Al says with a confused look. "Can't you? It's right there."
   Again he points directly at the stomach of Carol.
   "You can see it? Can you see free mana?" The priest asks shaking Al further. "The grove what colo..."
   "Green, then blue."
   "You... But Dark mana? How is that possible?!" The priest looks worriedly at the woman and begins stroking his chin. "Was it poison or perhaps a curse?"
   The other two make similar gestures and rack their minds for possibilities. Only Al seems to have another full understanding.
   "You're daughters life was saved not by a potion, but most likely dark magic of some kind." Al explains without a courtesy pause. "If I were to guess... likely a mana implantation. The result would strengthen the body and..."
   "Please... don't say any more. I... I understand." The Earl says with a bow of his head. "So both... I will lose both..."
   He bows his head and tears begin welling in his eyes.
   Al seems perplexed so allows others to take his place this time.
   The priest chooses to intervene. "This won't leave the room. I heard nothing about dark magic."
   "Agreed." The doctor says with a somewhat awestruck expression. In a day, what he had spent the last three years researching had been diagnosed by someone who was little more than a child.
   Everyone again turns to Al the faces are still stony and sad but they seem to expect something more from Al so he gives it to them.
   "Cure?"
   The response seems to be a different one from what they expected because all their expressions turn to astonishment.
   "Is such a thing... Is it possible to cure her?"
   "Not entirely, but removing the malignant mana is easy." Al glances at the priest as if he held the answer himself.
   "My staff?" He asks.
   "No. That'd have the opposite effect." Al answers with a frown. He thought it was easy. "She needs to live in a library until the mana in her body is drained. Draining her mana will hurt her immunity so precautions will need to be taken so she doesn't get sick. From the looks of it the mass is tightly coiled so there's no saying how long it may take but the growth should slow in that time and it will eventually stop."
   "So there really is a chance?" Carol asks with a bright smile. "I was simply satisfied watching Michelle in these last few months but... If you really think there is a chance there are many more moments in her life I want to see."
   "Thank you Al." The Earl says with a bow of his head. "You don't even know how much this means to me. If there is any reward within my power you may have it."
   One would think Al would ask for the library or perhaps unfettered access or any number of things but really Al wanted nothing from him. In fact he likely would have left with nothing if it weren't for a conniving priest.
   "Well Earl you should be informed that Al is good friends with Princess Adria Kingston."
   "He's... I see, that makes sense. He reminds me of her somehow." The Earl says with a sly smile of his own. "Al... Hold on, what's your last name?"
   "13."
   "R... right, Al Thirteen you are hereby conferred the rank of court researcher. As such you will be given special rights to libraries in the region as well as the ability to appoint a skilled bodyguard from the military."
   "I believe officers are included in people that those rank are allowed to appoint is that correct?" The priest asks facetiously.
   "Ah, you are correct." The Earl responds with a nod.
   Another knock resound on the door as a large group of guards begin carrying books into the room. A few craftsmen follow them in with long boards for affixing shelves to the walls.
   Al had expected them to move her to the library but he supposed this would work too. Although he wasn't entirely happy that the library was currently being yanked apart.
   Oh well, it's his own fault.
   It should be noted that he didn't cure cancer. He simply found a way to stop the cause of Carol's cancer. But there is no doubt this was a first step in solving a much larger problem.
   The doctor who attended to Carol ended up writing a paper about the events. It was kept quiet what kind of mana was causing the problem as well as what had caused the mana to gather in the first place but many still read it in pure shock. It caused a new wave of exploration in the mana removing abilities of paper. This included the start of several Mr. Fred type experiments.
   

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
   
   "MMMMM...." Adria moans from the bed, unable to sleep due to the odd discomfort. She tosses again under the thick comforter, kicking a bare leg out to regulate her temperature. She tried to blank her mind but ended up finding herself drifting in thoughts.
   The day's with Al gone were strange. Everything felt the same, but like a foundation missing a single brick she found herself crumbling into old habits. She celebrated a day off by locking herself away with a book. All the outgoing nature she gained in the past year were almost flushed. She had to pull herself simply to shop and collect the mail. 
   If Al saw her like this what would he think?
   We both wondered that to ourselves. 
   It probably wouldn't phase him, at least that's my opinion. 
   "RAHHHHH!" Adria growls kicking the blanket off and staring at the rising sun with an odd expression of reluctance. "Has it been a week yet? No? Damn."
   Chuckling and removing her shirt Adria gulps down a quick breakfast before strapping up in her military gear. 
   Work was, work. It was a constant at the very least. Constant's help when other variables are gone. And people say math never helps in life.
   A stamp for a tax calculation, a signature for a promotion document, it all felt lifeless. A human really need not apply in a job like this. Adria barely even needed to read the documents she simply stamped and signed with drowsy eyes. 
   During breaks she vented with a spar with a few younger recruits. 
   Oddly no one other than the juniors were willing to fight her. They all quickly understood why.
   "Pahhhhh..." Adria sighs sticking the leather wrapped wood sword into the dirt of the practice arena. A few soft groans from the recruits laying around her resounded as the footsteps of medical staff grew closer. "Very good work everyone. Keep up the training."
   Adria only lightly mumbles those words as she leaves the training arena. 
   She really did appreciate their help. The thinly veiled 'training' did put her mind at ease but it was quickly refilled with odd thoughts. 
   The image of a body on the roadside flashed in her mind for a moment. She nearly choked on her breath. Slumping against a wall other flashes began attacking her mind. Al walking away with a woman of sleazy origin, Al knocking his head and losing his memory again. Each and every one of them made her breath deepen until it was continuous gasping. 
   The only thought that brought her any peace was Al's promise. Him firmly gripping her hand's and assuring her he would come back. The scene almost felt familiar in her mind, like something from a story book. Finally taking an easy breath Adria smiles brightly. 
   "I have to trust him. He's incredible, and he has God on his side." Adria assures herself checking her reflection in a glass frame before returning to her desk. "Only a few more days. I have to pull myself together."
   "üś"
   "Al! Let's get married!" A voice shouts gripping Al's hand with interlinked fingers. "And then... and then. Let's marry mommy and daddy and we can be one big family!"
   "Hmm," Al ponders with a hand to his chin. "But being a wife is a lot of responsibility you know. Isn't being a little sister a better position? You get to be spoiled without having to do anything in return."
   "OH!" Michelle cries as if enlightened to the world. "I see. You're right! Getting married is a pain. Mommy always seems miserable."
   "Hey!" Carol yelps from the bed several feet away, glancing up from her book with a frown. "I am plenty happy. And on that topic, I agree with Michelle's earlier point."
    "Hey Mom, what are you reading?!" Michelle suddenly asks, distracted from the topic and engrossed by the vivid image drawn on the cover of the book her mother held.
   "Interested?" Carol asks lifting Michelle up and setting her on the bed beside her. 
   "Mhm." Michelle nods enthusiastically. "Big brother Al and you seem addicted to them. So they must be good."
   "Where'd you learn that language?" Carol sighs, "Well anyway, this is a story about a girl around your age."
   "My age?" Michelle asks looking at the image on the cover again. Indeed the girl looked about her age. She wore a long flowing gown but her face was completely blank in the drawing.
   "It's scary." Michelle says shivering back from the image of the ghostly figure. 
   "You think?" Carol asks with a half smile. "I think it looks sad. Look at how she is standing." 
   Even Al drew closer at this point to inspect the image. Typically he cared little about things like drawings but for once he attempted to analyze it. 
   Her stance was easily recognizable when compared to the hundreds of thousands Al had stored in his head. Both hands were gripped in front of her as if she wanted to speak. When he first was introduced to Carol and the Earl's daughter her stance was very similar, shy but intrigued.
   "She wants a friend?" Michelle asks tilting her head after looking at the picture for a moment longer. "I am sorry for being scared of you."
   Michelle says the words to the girl on the cover. Carol laughs and pats her head endearingly. "Such a good girl. But you are right. That's what the story is about. It's not as literal but its about someone without a face wishing for a friend."
   "Does she find one?"
   "A friend?" Carol asks flipping the book back up from her chest. 
   "Mhm."
   Al was interested too. Somehow he hadn't read this story before yet it looked familiar.
   Carol glances at the words of the book for a moment before turning back to look at both Al and Michelle. 
   "It's impossible. In this story, she's the only one who exists, there are no other characters. At the very end she makes a plea to the reader, the author, anyone who will listen. To change her story. To give her another chance. She admits that she is at fault and begs for another try."
      Michelle seems confused by her mothers words. Her face was somewhat sad at the thought of the girl being unable to make friends. 
   "The story is about putting yourself into a place where you can prosper. Flowers can't grow in shaded land, they need to pick themselves up if they want to find the light. People need to change to grow. And that means they need to be willing to change."
   "I don't get it." Michelle murmurs with a pout. "She never makes a friend?"
   "Well the reader is her friend." Carol smiles. "The reader is the only person she opens up to, the only person who see's her unfettered thoughts. It was a very popular book too, so rest assured Michelle she has plenty of friends now."
   Michelle grins at this new knowledge. "Good."
   Al nods in agreement. It was odd to read so deeply into the words. He had never seen so much meaning in a story before. It made him wonder what else he had missed in the stories he had read thus far. It's possible to look back on them and find the deeper meaning but he had no clue where to even start.
   *Knock Knock*
   Soon after the sound the door slid open to reveal the Earl and Carol's personal doctor. 
   "I was wondering where you two were." The Earl says with a grin. "The Priest said he hadn't seen you since Michelle dragged you off, and you weren't in her room. I hope she isn't being a bother."
   "No problem." Al smiles from his seat on the floor. Half the books were in here anyways so he didn't mind. And after a small reset playing with Michelle became easy. At first Al was unsure how exactly to treat the child but it became second nature quickly. 
   "Carol you need your rest right? You have to stay healthy to properly get better." The Earl says with a halfhearted glare. 
   "Mhm But I feel so much better already. And having this many books makes me want to read them. Right?" Carol turns to Al to receive the expected confirmation.
   Al nods in response before shirking back from the glare he receives from the Earl. "However it is indeed good to rest."
   "Exactly. Right doc?" The Earl wrestles for a second opinion which he easily receives in the form of a silent nod. 
   "Fine fine." Carol moans turning to Michelle who happily squirmed on her lap. "How about showing Al the garden? Or grab some pastries from the stalls? I want strawberry."
   "Yeah!!" Michelle rockets up from Carols laps and leaps onto the seated Al. "Come on, Come on. Stop reading, lets go into town to buy treats!"
   "Reset." Al nods closing the books and turning to Michelle's awaiting grin. "Alright lets go."
   "You can protect her right?" The Earl asks glancing at Al as he stood with Michelle under one arm. "I heard a bit about it from the priest. Sorry didn't mean to pry..."
   "No problem. I'll keep her safe."
   "Good, I'll take apple. Doc?"
   "Wh... cherry then." 
   As Al and Michelle begin walking for the door the Earl adds another request as an afterthought. "Let's play another game of chess when your back. I thought up a really good technique. It's sure to stump you."
   Somehow this response prompts Al to roll his eyes but luckily only Michelle saw it. 



CHAPTER SIXTEEN

   "Do you really have to leave?" The Earl asks with a grimace as the priest and Al prepare their bags. The short time they spent in Jinx was filled with reading, playing chess, exploring the town and watching over Carol's condition.
   Al's cure, if it can be called that was not an end all. The tumor itself would need to be dealt with but it seems some obscure types of healing magic have the ability to shrink cell masses, so there is hope on that front.
   All in all the cure was working well according to Al. No one else had the ability to see mana like Al but they felt confident in his statements. Carol too claimed she felt it working. And having the plethora of books to read at hand surely helped with her boredom.
   Both parents were thrilled with Al's visit. And Michelle enjoyed the visit from the new big brother as well. The two tried to force Michelle's hand on Al once she grew older but the priest lightly whispered about the Princess. That shut those types of talks up quickly.
   And now the time came for them to leave. Michelle whimpered lightly and the Earl too held back a tear carefully. "I won't forget what you have done for my family. If there's ever anything more you need, just ask."
   "Understood." Al answers with a nod.
   "And I have written a letter to a friend at the magic engineering school in the Tirish, if you ever find yourself in the area they will teach you everything you want to know about golems."
   "If he likes golems of course he'd go see the arena." Carol adds as if it was obvious Al would visit the capital city of Tirish.
   The priest on the other hand had his doubts Al would visit the city. There's no way it would be that easy to get Adria to the capital, although if Al pleaded she would probably relent. Not that Al could plead.
   But the words did interest Al. He noted the place and thought back to it's locations on the map. It was centered on the paper and signed with a gilded star. A few inches away along a long winding path sat Jinx, and beside that sat Knobber Hill.
   There was a varied array of paths leading between all the cities on the map but after the last trip he began to identify the different lines. A dotted line on the forts map indicated a rough path like the one between jinx and the hill. Thin lines indicate a road like that which goes to the capital from Knobber hill. And last the thick line, like the multi-lane path leading between Jinx and the capital.
   Al noticed when exploring with Michelle that the road was busy at nearly all times of day. With traffic heading back and forth or even just passing through.
   "Have a safe trip." Carol shouts as the two disappear deeper into the town away from the large mansion the family occupied.
   "Good people." The priest says after leaving their earshot. "You did good Al. Even better than I expected. You never cease to amaze I suppose."
   Al doesn't immediately respond so the priest takes the opportunity to poke a bit more fun.
   "I suppose that's what has Adria so enamored with you." The priest chuckles before slapping Al's back roughly. "You can laugh sometimes you know."
   "Sorry." Al responds sheepishly. "I'll try."
   "You never disappoint." The priest says with another laugh. "Lets grab a couple apples before we hit the trail. As long as the weather stays good we should be back in less than two days."
   "Good." Al says with a nod, though not basing his estimate on the priests timeline and instead calculating the distance himself. Ultimately the same number was come up with. They would arrive the day after tomorrow, evening at latest.
   Al also remembered the dozen potatoes they left along the trail. He salivated at the thought of the roast potatoes the priest had become famous for since the discovery of the wild potatoes only a few short days ago. Of course the fan base was little more than Al but that is beside the point.
   They couldn't get on the trail fast enough in Al's opinion. Returning was the only priority.
   "üś"
   Again the walk back was mainly uneventful. A fact that Adria would be thrilled at hearing. At one point Al spotted the trail of a deer beast but its footprints were several hours old so hunting it was impossible.
   Well no harm done, with the potatoes grilled over the fire as-well as the remaining jerky and bread, lunch and dinner was a feast. With that done, Al and the priest sat beside the crackling fire silently.
   The priest was the first to speak up. With the hour still too early to sleep something had to be done to pass the time. "I would offer to play a game of chess but I don't suppose you would want to after so many games in Jinx."
   Al nods with a small grin. "I am chessed out."
   The priest laughs at the triggered conversation tree. "I thought as much. Well how about a story?"
   "A story? About?" Al is intrigued by the offer. With no books on the road Al felt it was good to take any chance to learn additional information.
   "Joining the priesthood." The man says with a firm look. "My name wasn't always father you know."
   "It wasn't?" Al asks honestly surprised by the new information.
   "No," The priest chuckles before continuing, "Once we finish our training as a priest we forgo our names and instead devote our mind and body to god. In exchange for that we are given a staff as well as knowledge about holy magic. It's a fair trade if you ask me."
   "Seems like it." Al responds with a nod. In his opinion it really was. A name means nothing really, Al could...
   As he thought about it he realized it was impossible. His name was given by Adria, it was one of the few gifts she had given him and he cherished them all dearly. They all made him feel her presence which was soothing.
   "In the early days before I was sent on special assignment by the king, I lived in Jinx. I was assistant to the head monk at the church there. That's where I met the Earl and his family. He taught me to play chess and watching his family grow was the happiest..." At this point the nameless priest was in tears. He cut to the chase and focused his wet eyes on Al. "Thank you Al. From the bottom of my heart thank you. You are a miracle from god I tell you, to say anything else would be an understatement."
   Good to get some appreciation around here.
   Al seem slightly taken aback by the words. "All I did was apply the things you had taught me. It wasn't such a great deal."
   "You saw free mana. I can't stress enough how impressive that is. It's said that only a dozen every century possess that ability."
   "What exactly is free mana?" Al asks, unable to place a definition to the term.
   "Free mana is mana unaffected by humans or beasts. For instance we are surrounded by mana."
   "Yellow." Al answers glancing around.
   "R... right. I'm at my strongest in yellow and white mana, but I would have to use magic to see that, you don't. Basically the primary weakness of magic doesn't apply to you. I've mentioned that if I perform magic in a dark mana environment I would be harmed right?"
   "Yes?"
   "Right, well other than by performing some weak magic I can't be sure the area is clear of dark mana. You on the other hand could easily look for your weakness mana and avoid it."
   "I see."
   "So you have a very impressive gift. Almost sad you will waste it on golems." The priest realizing his words puts a hand to his mouth. "Sorry, didn't mean it like that. You do with your life what you please."
   Al again nods to the suggestion. After some idle talk about the early days in the monastery the two turn in for the night. The fire cracked rhythmically under the stars, the priest fell asleep quickly but Al as always lay half awake.
   He had again learned a lot in a short time. Each nights self-reset seemed to bring another understanding of the world. And tonight would be no different. Tonight's updates will be focused on the third upgrade to walking on rough paths. Al didn't trip often but he did almost twist his ankle a few times.
   With everything in order he self-reset and shut his eyes to sleep.
   In what felt like a moment he again opened his eyes to the rising sun. The priest was assembling the fire and pressing his staff to it. Again smoke rose and the fire ignited.
   "I found tea." The priest says simply holding out a branch of young buds. "Try some."
   Al transitions to a sitting position and warms his hands by the fire as he had watched the priest do days earlier. The warmth was nice so Al adjusted the possibility of triggering this response to fire.
   The priest placed a metal kettle deep in the flames once the wood crumbled a bit. Within moments it was bubbling and churning. The priest, who had been carefully prying the delicate leaves apart, places them onto the top of the rolling boil. Instantly a warm aroma fills the air. It smelled piney and sweet. It stung Al's nose but he was extremely curious.
   After a long moment the priest pours two small metal cups and hands one to Al. As always Al watches the priest drink first before he follows suit. It has a smoother taste than the pungent smell and hints of earthy flavors balance it.
   It was good. Al couldn't judge it comparatively but he placed it high on his list of drinks. Way above wine for sure.
   "It's a sign that spring will come early." The priest grips the cup tightly and draws another long sip. "The worst of winter is over it seems. That's what this tea tells me."
   "It will snow today." Al says looking up at the sky.
   "Yes, but the buds will survive. They know better than us about this kind of stuff. I've taken this trail for five years they've never been wrong."
   Al takes another long sip from the tea.
   "We'll get moving once the tea is finished. I say we eat on the road and try to get home soon as possible. I'm sure you want to see Adria as soon as possible. Tell her about your shiny new badge, and her reassignment."
   "Reassignment?" Al asks, unsure of the priests meaning.
   "Al, the Earl gave you the ability to give Adria a pretty good job. Honestly speaking the lieutenant section commander of a Podunk village like the hill is well... It's a shit job for an officer rank. But body guard to a court appointed researcher. That's something to write home about... assuming that home weren't the royal manor."
   "So I should offer that position to Adria?"
   "Yes!" The priest says nearly spilling his tea. "This is simple Al. And it's the perfect reason to stay close to her. I mean think about it you can't live with her forever. Wasn't the original plan just for her to help you until you understood how to live?"
   "That's right."
   "And wouldn't you say at this point you have proven that you know how to live?"
   "That's right..."
   "Exactly, so use this chance to stay close to her. I doubt she'd say no."
   Al begins thinking carefully. It was true protocol one would be broken if he couldn't live with Adria, although if Adria told Al to live alone he would have no choice but to follow to the command.
   "Understood." Al says with a nod. He begins combining various conversation chains to prepare for the various responses Adria may use.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

   "Al!" Adria shouts running toward the trail that Al and the priest appeared through. "Did it go ok? Are you safe?"
   "He's safe he's safe." The priest says waving a hand.
   Adria on the other hand doesn't listen to his opinion. and instead begins glancing over Al to search for any damages in transit. "I'm safe Adria."
   "Good." Adria says with a smirk. "I figured you'd be fine."
   "He was more than fine, you wouldn't believe what happened..." The priest begins, but Adria has already started investigating the small metal pin on Al's chest. The pin of course was the court researcher's pin Adria had seen many times in the royal library.
   "This... Is..." Adria stutters pointing at the pin in shock. "Al?"
   The priests smirks and steps back, the pieces were in place now he just gets to watch. He almost wished he had popcorn.
   "Come with me." Adria says glancing around at the assembling audience in the town junction. She grips Al's wrist and yanks him towards the apartment building. Al hadn't been led this way in a while, it was oddly comforting.
   The time seemed to pass more quickly, Al left all directions to Adria's grip and could focus elsewhere. In what felt like moments they were pulling the door open and settling down into the two chairs and table that Adria added to the Apartment.
   "So, want to explain what happened while you were gone? Seems like a lot." Adria gently prods glancing at the silver-gilt pin.
   "It was a lot." Al agrees with a nod. "I was just trying to read, really, but there were so many distractions..."
   From there Al explains the basic events that happened. It was all told in a fairly cold informative manner but with each turn of events Adria became more a gasp. She instantly understood the significance of Al's ability to see 'free mana'.
   "You never cease to surprise me." Adria says shaking her head in amazement. "I had no idea the Carol was... I should have gone to visit. But, you helped her, that's really great Al. You did well. And now you get to go into the restricted places in libraries and you can..."
   "Can I hire you to protect me?" Al cuts in as Adria rambles about the opportunities of the position.
   "Hire... me? Oh..." Adria puts a hand to her chin weighing the offer carefully. She begins wiggling her lip back and forth for a moment before a subtle grin appears on her face. "Ok. I'll do it. But you have to file all the proper paperwork. And I will be taking this job seriously. As a court researcher your work is important for the country. And, it being you, you will undoubtedly discover some amazing revelations. So I will do my utmost to protect you."
   "I trust you." Al remarks with a nod.
   "Ah! Work! I'm supposed to be doing a patrol right now." Adria suddenly shouts leaping from her seat and rushing for the door. Quickly she realizes the rudeness and turns back once more to Al. "I missed you. I'm glad you are back safe and sound. We can talk about all that stuff more later."
   She tosses an apple from her pocket and points at the bookshelf in the Apartment. "It's got a couple new books on it from Dianna. I doubt you read them in Jinx. I will be back real soon, be good."
   As suggested once the door shut Al grips a fresh looking book from the shelf. He was amazed by its condition. It was the newest book he had ever read. The text was crisp and striking against the pure white pages. He turned to a page at random but then quickly thought better of it.
   He glances around the room and found an ideal candidate. He lifts the section of cloth and inhales. Moments later, after a quiet sigh, Al went back to the book and began scanning it for new information.
   It's topic was the effects of curses. One section in particular revolved around memory curses. It was clearly the reason this book was sent by the Royal Magician. Al read the book carefully, he knew there was no lost memory but explaining the truth at this point was not possible.
   The book was still informative. Even if based solely on curses it seeped with information about other magics. It mentioned the possibility for curses performed with various magic types. Both self-channeled and tool-channeled magic could perform curses. And it was even theorized that, with proper rune work, a golem could too.
   This, once more, piqued Al's interest in the topic. The book contained few details about golems but all of it was gratefully accepted by Al.
   After completing it he bit the apple and returned to the shelf to see if any other new titles were there.
   A gold mine.
   Al nearly hyperventilated when he saw the book. It was a 'beginners magic engineering workbook.' Each page contained runes to be copied and their individual purposes. Al quickly began memorizing the shapes of each rune. After the runes he came upon a section on carving copper. The book said to practice on a spare blank but Al had nothing like that so instead he memorized the instructions.
   He was deep in the book rereading the runes and their meanings and creating virtual command lines in his mind with the runes. It was easy really, just simple block based coding. He barely noticed the creak of the door opening.
   "Ah you found it. What do you think?" Adria asks looking at the cross legged Al reading the booklet carefully. "I got it from the same merchant who brought the letter. Most of the time he only has pretty rough looking books but this time he had a bunch of out-of-print school books. He needed some of them for a delivery to the port past Jinx but he let me take a few off his hands."
   "Thank you." Al responds with a smile and nod. "It's a good book."
   "Mhm, I'm glad you like. Did you take a look at the other one? Dianna sent one of the newest guides on curses. She said there would be a little bit about memory based curses."
   "Yeah. It had lots of information. It was a good book but it didn't..."
   "Well it's ok. Even without memory you became a court researcher so I think you are in a good place." Adria smiles and pats Al's head. "How about eating out tonight? After that we can swing by the fort and fill out the paperwork. I was going to bring it back with me but... I don't know, it felt weird to ask for my own transfer papers."
   "Sounds good." Al confirms rubbing his stomach hungrily.
   "With the merchants in town, the stew over at the Inn will probably be top notch. Who knows they might even have wine to serve with it!"
   Al unconsciously grimaces at the thought to which Adria giggles sneakily.
   "Come on. Lets go!"
   "üś"
   "What do you assholes want?" Adria asked the group of three adventurers who approached as she and Al finished their meals. It was a quick turn from their earlier happy atmosphere but for good reason.
   Adria recognized these men as Kanger's party, or what was left of them. Al simply looked at them as potential dangers, he made what little preparations he needed to deal with them. It could be ended in a moment, the word need only be said.
   "Hold on, hold on. We came to apologize. We didn't want to interrupt your meal but... We are sorry about what Kanger tried to do. The guild at large is trying to claim you are at fault but we, of all people, know what kind of guy Kanger was..." The bald leader of the party says bowing his cue-ball in atonement. Following his suit the mage girl as well as the bow wielding hooded man bow as well.
   "Sorry." They both murmur with eyes of sincerity.
   "You are apologizing?" Adria asks half taken aback, half unbelieving.
   "Yes. We should have done more to stop Kanger and that fatas..."
   "Troy!" The woman says elbowing the bald man in the gut.
   "Right. Well anyways. Sorry." The man again says with a third bow.
   Al and Adria exchange a glance, neither is really sure what to do. "I don't blame you. But thank you for the thought."
   "Right, what Al said." Adria agrees with a slow nod. "But that's not all is it?"
   "I don't know what you..." The bald man begins to says attempting to mask his guilt.
   "Troy!!" The mage again jabs.
   "Fine, I'm sorry. We... Well with our position the important jobs in the city go to us. For instance Lieutenant commander you know of the cave south of town correct?"
   "Of course." Adria says with a nod. Even Al had read about the cave in a few histories of the village, it's said the villagers once survived a stampede by taking shelter in the massive cave network.
   "There is a family of bear beasts nesting there according to some reports we've gotten. It can't be confirmed but we have a duty to investigate." The man says in a dauntless tone.
   "I've heard nothing about that..." Adria says in, again, disbelief.
   "Well it's not something we always report. I mean the soldiers could handle the bear beasts just fine but if..."
   "If you report it to us then the guild doesn't profit." Adria finishes with a knowing nod. "I can understand that, but what does that have to do with Al."
   "Well I think that's self explanatory." The bald man says with a shrug. "Us three alone have little chance if there are more than two bear beasts. So..."
   "So if Al was able to disable both Kanger and um..."
   "The fat guy?"
   "Yeah, Kanger and the fat guy, then he could probably take his place in the party." Adria concludes with dubious eyes.
   "Right." The man and his two partners agree with a nod.
   "Not a chance." Adria says shaking her head. "Al just got back I'm not letting him go on some dangerous..."
   She glances at Al who was looking intently at the strange weapons on the back of each adventurer.
   "Al is a court researcher, it would be far too dangerous for him to..." Adria again tries to counter.
   "Then you are his personal guard? If that's the case, come along and make sure it's safe. I assure you all we intend to do is investigate. If it gets dangerous we will leave and report it to the fort."
   Adria seemed to be at an impasse. Al looked fairly interested in the mission, and it could be said that it is his fault they were in the situation. She could just report it to the fort herself, but really spreading the manpower like that for a mere investigation is foolish. Ideally this would go as they say. Only if we know for sure there are beasts should the army be mobilized.
   "Al? Do you want to go?"
   Al shrugs at the question. There was an interest in seeing a beast for the first time but as always the decision was left to Adria. Protocol one.
   "Ok. We'll go. It will be Al's first research assignment." Adria grips Al's wrist and yanks on it. "Lets go get the paperwork finished so it's even possible."
   "Thank you, thank you." The bald man says bowing his head for an uncountable time. The two behind him follow suit before the bald man's head pops back up to add something. "Ah, we are thinking about leaving Sunday at around noon. They are nocturnal so they should be fast asleep by the time we get there."
   Adria nods without glancing back. Once outside she lightly whispers to Al. "This could be a trap but... If we are together it will be ok. I just want you to be ready. I don't trust them."
   "Understood." Al says with a nod.
   "Good, we can't be too careful." Adria says continuing to pull Al in the direction of the fort. "But, if there are bear beasts we can't let our guards. down either. So... we just have to be really careful, ok?"
   "Ok." Al nods.
   "Right, well lets get the paperwork done. I hope the Commander won't be mad. Although most of my work is already done so it shouldn't be too tough to wait for my replacement." Adria smiles unconsciously and increases her pace towards the fort.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

   "I'll go ahead first. Wish me luck." The mage says with a cute grin and wink towards Al. She grips her short wand and produces a green glow. With that in hand she rounds the corner into the darkness of the cave.
   "Sorry 'bout her." Troy says with a nod to Adria's scowl. "She means well."
   "Well anyways, is it really safe for her to go ahead?" Adria asks glancing around the corner to see if she can spot the girls figure.
   "It's safer than all of us going in at once. And beasts can't see green light well." Troy explains listening towards the tunnel carefully. Moments later a short knock could be heard from the room beyond. "Alright, lets go."
   Adria glances at the two adventurers before following them in with Al in tow. Her precaution towards the group hadn't waned, if something was going to happen it would happen soon.
   Inside the chamber the same green hue lit the steep limestone walls. The floor was level with fairly distinct paw prints in the mud. The mage also points out a few claw marks on the walls that seem recent.
   "There really are bear beasts..." Adria gasps, looking closely at the prints on the floor.
   "You know our information gathering isn't to be trifled with." Troy says with a smirk. "Well lets keep going. We need a clear idea of what's going on before we report this."
   "That's true." Adria says with a hesitant nod. "After you."
   "Of course." The man says as he readies the shield and starts towards the other end of the long tapered chamber.
   The room connected via a fairly narrow crevice. Here it was abundantly clear the beasts were present. Thick tufts of fur littered the floor, it was no surprise really, even for a human maneuvering through the crack was difficult.
   Al once on the other side was near giddy at a sight only he could see. A deep blue glow spread throughout the long tunnel. To normal eyes of course it appeared green with the spell the mage girl was casting. But the mana swirling in the room itself was a powerful pulsing blue.
   "They are just ahead." The hooded man says pulling down the hood for the first time and gazing around the room. "I can hear them."
   Al notices at this point his ears are slightly slimmer than that of he or Adria. None of the other members share the trait so he wonders if perhaps it's a unique trait.
   "Any idea how many?" Troy asks the thin framed man.
   The man takes a deep breath and shuts his eyes focusing entirely on the sounds. "More than two."
   "Damn." Troy says with a click of his tongue.
   "Alright," Adria says turning back towards the crack. "Lets go report it to the fort."
   Troy glances at the archer who grimaces uncomfortably. "We can't!"
   Everyone in the group was surprised by the volume the man used. Half for reasons of stealth, half simply because he rarely spoke let alone yelled.
   The room lay quiet as they all wondered if that shout had doomed them. The seconds pass slowly for everyone but Al. Al was still wondering where this beautiful form of blue mana was coming from.
   "Don't tell me you want to go and fight it?" Adria asks with a look of disbelief.
   "The opposite." The man says with a shake of his head. "I want to leave as-well, but I want this to be kept silent at the same time."
   "Impossible, if the bear beasts attack the city and I knew about them..."
   "It's not that simple! We can't just gather an army and kill them." The two had begun heated argument at this point.
   Troy decides at this point to offer a compromise. "How about we just show her your reasoning Rouin?"
   The man glances in Troy's direction before relenting. "Very well, it should work. But we must do out best to keep away. Its a very dangerous time for them."
   "Understood." Troy says with a nod. He looks to Al and Adria and waves them further into the cave.
   Al seems completely unresistant and begins following immediately but Adria on the other hand was more nervous.
   "Come on, You gotta come see." The mage says gripping Adria's fingers delicately and pulling her in the direction of everyone else. "They are super adorable when they are young, once with everyone we sa..."
   The girl began quietly yammering about the various adventures she had been on with the group. It was only when they round the final corner of the long cavern did Adria realize what she was going to investigate.
   There, sleeping, were two massive black bear beasts with glowing blue tendrils of mana extending along their bodies. Underneath one of them sat three tiny black balls of fur. Only the larger ones had veins of mana, the smaller only glowed weakly. One began rolling casually and the mother (presumably) extends a drowsy paw and retrieves it.
   "Baby... baby bear beasts?" Adria gasps looking at the small family of creatures in disbelief.
   "Just bears." The archer, Rouin says shaking his head at her answer. "Not until their older and gain more mana will they take on the characteristics. That's why now is a bad time for other sources of mana to be present. Hence Gab is not using magic."
   "It hurts to use magic near a powerful source of mana anyways." Gab complains limply.
   As if hearing the talk, and very likely the actual case, the larger of the two bear beasts opens both eyes and glances at the presence. Its eyes burn for a moment with blue energy. Al and Rouin step back in surprise. Gab also seems to notice but is less receptive overall.
   "We should leave now." Rouin says turning around and walking carefully towards the entrance of the cave.
   "What?! Is it really going to..." Adria begins to ask glancing towards the lumbering beast. But it remains still casually watching them.
   "It understands why we are here. And it told us our answer." Rouin answers with little more information.
   Only once the group reconvenes outside the chamber does Troy explain Rouin's words. "We've done these kinds of inspections before. This cave is pretty popular for families. We try to scare them off if the young aren't born yet. But in this case we let them stay."
   "But what if they attack the town or cause a stamp..." Adria begins to counter.
   "They never have before." Troy shrugs. "Normally if we show a presence when the young are around they understand and leave as soon as possible. Its basically showing the beast that humans do inhabit this area, and instructing them to leave."
   "It's more than that. You can read the pulse." Rouin explains casually as he steps toward the small crack separating them from the outermost chamber.
   "That's just you guys." Troy scoffs. "Although admittedly it's useful to have one."
   "You can speak of me as more than an object." Rouin says in a growl.
   Adria seems to piece together the same puzzle Al had been. "You're a..."
   "Oh?" Troy spouts with a glance at Adria. "Which is it? Beast human? Elf? Mutt?"
   "He's an effected human?" Adria asks stepping carefully.
   "I don't mind Elf. I think it's foolish to try and classify us all as the same when we clearly aren't. Honestly I prefer Beast human over that one." Rouin says with a scowl. "Ah, no offense princess. I am simply..."
   "No, thank you. I didn't know what was the right thing to say. I'm sorry."
   "Nothing to apologize about. Happened to my ancestors not me." Rouin shrugs.
   "Right." Adria says shutting herself up before she causes more damage.
   "Al you could read the pulse too right?" Rouin asks glancing at Al after he squeezes through the crack.
   "Not read. I could see it but I was more..."
   ""See it?"" Rouin and Gab asks simultaneously. Both being magic attuned they understand the significance of his words instantly.
   "Al can see free mana. Please don't tell people." Adria explains glaring at Al. "Though he should learn to keep secrets."
   "Understood." Al says with a nod.
   "No wonder you're a court researcher." Gab mumbles in astonishment. "Coolest boyfriend ever."
   At those words she enviously looks at Adria who simply turns a shade of red. "He's..."
   She begins to rebuff the claim but finds it difficult to do in front of a potential opponent. Not that she thinks of Al that way it's just... No, it wouldn't be a problem she just...
   "Come on Al." She says without another words and grips Al's wrist.
   "You won't report about thi..."
   "I will give them until spring. If they aren't gone like you say then we will chase them out ourselves!" Adria shouts behind her shoulder.
   "Aren't you an employed soldier now? Don't you have nothing to do with the fort any...."
   "Shut up. You know what I meant." Adria again shouts stamping a foot.
   With that, the parties once again split into their former forms. Adria lead Al back to the Apartment and the group of three heads back to the guild. They would report the witnesses as false while simultaneously issuing a limit on the number of quests in the area. It was the typical way of handling these situations.
   "What'd you think?" Troy asks the two as they walk towards the guild building.
   "I feel like Al would take my job." Rouin says with a shake of his head. "Can't believe he's got free sight. Lucky bastard."
   "Adria's hot headed when it comes to Al but she seems to be a good person. We didn't get much of a chance to see them in action but I don't think their sword skills are really doubted."
   "Much as I hate to admit it, the fact that Al got a jump on Kanger proves he's likely the best swordsman in town."
   Gab giggles to herself. "Man if Kanger heard this he'd have a cow. You finally admit he's the best swordsman in town."
   "'Was' the best." Troy corrects. "With meathead and Kanger gone Al easily fills the two open spots."
   "Only problem is they won't join us." Gab reminds Troy. "You remember just getting them to join for this was like pulling teeth."
   "Ugh." Troy groans burying his face in his hands. "Your right."
   "And why would they. We caused Al nothing but trouble. You know they locked him in jail I heard."
   "Ugh... We need new party members!"
   "Yeah, yeah. Lets get a drink at the Inn before we report in. If all else fails we can try again in Tirish." Gab offers gripping Troy's slumped shoulders.
   "But we won't be stars in Tirish!" Troy groans with a pout.
   "Diva." Rouin says quietly.


CHAPTER NINETEEN

   "Is that the last one?" Adria asks as Al sets a book at the very end of a shelf.
   "Yeah." Al confirms with a nod. Every book in the library had now been read. He felt like a mission he had set out on so long ago had finally been accomplished. He couldn't hide the tinge of pride.
   "I wouldn't believe it if it were anyone else saying it." The priest says shaking his head and marveling with the others about the event. "Well, have a favorite?"
   Al quickly points to a shelf filled with encyclopedia's.
   Adria and the priest merely glance at each other after the response. Both had recommended him a book claiming it would be Al's favorite but the encyclopedia 'A' wasn't one of them.
   "Well what do you do now that the library here is finished? Are you going to go visit Jinx until you finish all those?" The priest asks grabbing an apple from Adria's hiding spot and tossing another to Al.
   "Hey, that was mine!" Adria gripes snatching for the apple in the priests hand. The priest keeps it out of reach and instead opens a pocket on his coat revealing a wine-skin.
   "Trade?" He asks flashing a smile.
   "Mmmmm fine!" Adria says, gripping the pouch and guzzling it down. "Oh, Juniper berry?"
   "Yeah."
   "Good choice." She says wiping her dyed lips and offering the skin to Al. He again shakes his head vigorously in reply. "Well Al, as he says, what now?"
   Al looks at her blankly without response.
   "Weren't you interested in the Arena? Not to mention you got that recommendation to the engineering school." The priest lightly mentions through another bite of apple.
   "Arena... As in Tirish Arena?" Adria queries, glancing at Al's expression.
   The priest chooses to answer instead. "Mhm, and as in Tirish Magic Engineering Academy. The Earl knows the headmaster so he sent a letter asking to admit Al as a favor."
   "Al... in the capital?" She mutters trying to find an excuse to prevent it. "Although the libraries would be..."
   Adria continues to mutter to herself while the priest nonchalantly gives Al a thumbs up.
   "Alright. We'll go. But Al you have to listen to me carefully, the capital isn't as safe as Knobber or Jinx, so you have to keep your eyes open." Adria glares at Al indicating she wants a reply.
   "Understood." Al replies with a nod. Glancing around the book filled room anxiously.
   Now that the room was completed Al felt it was useless, it had served its purpose for him and now it was time to move on. Honestly it didn't even matter where they went next. As long as the place had information and Adria it would be a good place.
   "It'll be sad to let you go." The priest says rubbing his chin solemnly. "Promise to invite me to the wedding, yeah?"
   "That's not going to... We aren't going to..." Adria stammers but the priest simply laughs her excuses into the wind.
   "Yeah, yeah. Get out of here you love birds, I think the librarian wants to nap." The priest smirks petting the frustrated cat gingerly. "But you better let me know before you leave. The lord says, 'It's a sin to leave a place without a proper farewell'."
   "R... right." Adria agrees with a nod. She stands up, grips Al's wrist and begins pulling him for the door.
   "üś"
   The road they walk on was cold and sleepy. Snow felts the street and smoke blooms from the chimney of each building. Really it wasn't the ideal season to leave, however the road to the capital would be clear enough. Adria wasn't worried about that.
   She was worried about the things Al didn't know about. It wasn't as if she held some great secret but perhaps he would think different of her if he knew the whole truth. No, maybe she just didn't want to say it all out loud.
   "Al since you're out of books how about I tell you a story, although it's a long one so maybe I'll split it up a bit."
   "Sure." Al agrees with a nod.
   "So Inn, or sandwiches and wine?" Adria asks with a grin. "Although it would probably be better to save money for the trip."
   "Eat at home." Al responds waiting very little time before responding.
   "Yeah, probably right. Fine, no wine tonight. We have a bit of bread leftover and I have one last apple. I will show you what a master-chef I am." With this Adria laughs maniacally and retrieves her key from her pocket.
   Although ominous the meal was simply apple slices on dry bread. All in all a solid meal by Al's standards. He pats his exposed belly happily, a maneuver he had picked up from both the Earl and his daughter while in Jinx.
   Adria too was happy eating in the cozy apartment. She was almost reluctant to leave the sanctuary she had created. But the decision had been made. She had to protect Al after all.
   "The fort said they would take up the job of managing the building and even pay me in advance for selling it. It should help with the trip expenses. But, Well I don't know about you, but I think I'll miss this place."
   "I'll miss it too." Al surprisingly answers with a nod glancing around the room. His gaze seemed to slow on the piles of clothing on the ground as well as the shelf of books across from the small window.
   "You'd better look for a really nice research facility once we get to Tirish."
   "Research facility?" Al asks with a cock of his head.
   "Right, well we won't have money to get a place to stay and a lab. And well, it's not like you can do those kinds of things in a residential area." Adria explains with a wag of her finger. "It's more complex than here. There are all kinds of rules for these things. It's mainly for safety, but there is tax benefit for buying in the industrial area. I think it's the clear better option."
   "I see."
   "And once we earn some money we can get an apartment we like. Oh there is a place by the riv..." Adria begins but cuts herself off with a cough. "Well we can talk about that later."
   "Understood."
   "Mhm." Adria murmurs shifting from her seat to the bed. "I know you're excited, and so am I, honest. But we have to be careful on the road. It's generally safe but... You never know what will happen. You never know who you can trust."
   "Understood." Al nods mirroring her shift and moving himself to the pile of shirts on the floor.
   Adria watches Al and snorts to herself softly. "It's like pulling nails with you."
   Al looks at her curiously. He had no response to that statement. He kicked himself for the lack of versatility.
   "You really don't want to know what happened? Do you not care or are you respecting my privacy?" Adria grips at her hair attempting her hardest to understand Al. "Well fine. I won't give you a choice. I'm going to tell you about my first and last trip back to Tirish."
   Al silently agrees with a nod, keeping tight eye contact with Adria. They both wondered who would waver first. My money was correctly on Al.
   "Well, it was my first year. I was asked to make the report on the area in place of the commander." Adria smirks at the next part. "He flaunted it as a great honor to send me but I think he was just too lazy to go himself. Anyways we don't like to split our forces so we sent a small squadron attached to a group of 'trusted' adventurers."
   Adria pauses at the words making the entire scenario clear as day.
   "Suffice to say around midnight on the first day the adventurers turned on us. Our soldiers did well but they couldn't stop all five experienced fighters." Adria swallows carefully. "Swanson, Gerb, and Sanselo. They were the first soldiers I ever lost. It was unbelievable. I thought I would be sick and the words the adventurers were prodding me with weren't making the feeling subside."
   Al found himself growing strangely angry at a story he knew to have taken place long ago. It was an inexplicable feeling so he noted it for later research.
   "They tried to tie my hands but I guess they weren't taught knots like our solider are. Over time my ropes loosened and I was able to get free, I ran as fast as I could. A couple merchants ended up finding me and they helped me back into town." Adria explains with a dulcimer tone. "We sent a whole squadron onto the road to hunt them down but they had vanished."
   "That's why you don't like adventurers?" Al asks uncharacteristically.
   "I know it's petty. I know they aren't all like that but... Some are." Adria says with a knowing expression.
   Al says little, instead thinking again about the painful feeling in his chest on hearing the story.
   "It's maybe a bad time to say we need to hire escorts, huh?" Adria murmurs with a light laugh. "That's for tomorrow though. Let's sleep."
   "Right." Al says quietly with a silent nod.
   "Goodnight Al."
   "Goodnight Adria."
   "üś"
   "Leaving? Tomorrow? Isn't that a bit soon?" Gunther asks setting the blade he sharpened down on the bench.
   Al and Adria had begun walking the town earlier, saying farewell to everybody. Their second destination after the Inn was Gunther and Yui's home/weapons shop.
   As always the soot coated weapon shop clanked with activity when they stepped up. The two knocked and then walked inside. After a bit of quarrel about Adria's knocking etiquette they explained the situation.
   "Well the merchants were saying the road wasn't too bad right now, and we could probably make it to the winter tournament if we leave now." Adria explains with a shrug. "I also thought the Yilkins might know of a crop the farmers have in bulk that will sell well in the Capital."
   "You can ask..."
   "Hmm?" Travis asks stepping through the doorway with a hammer in hand. "What's going on? Oh, Al and the princess."
   "Right, they want to know if any of the families have stuff they can sell in the city." Gunther explains to the man. "Ah, yeah they're apparently leaving Knobber hill."
   "Leaving?" Travis ask looking closer at Al. "For good?"
   "Possibly, it's up to Al. For now Al wants to study at the Academy."
   "For swordsmanship?"
   "For magic engineering."
   Travis looks at Al in confusion. Then he turns his attention to Gunther. "Did you know anything about this?"
   Gunther shakes his head with a similar looks of surprise.
   Travis turns his attention back to Al. "But your training here isn't..."
   He shakes his head after attempting to say the line. "No, you are done. Alright. I understand, I don't agree with your change of mind but I hope you will rely on the skills I taught you if you are ever in trouble."
   Al nods graciously to the man. He notes the shimmer of tears under Travis's eye but decides not to mention them.
   "If you are leaving then Adria needs a new sword. Those mil issue ones are trash." Travis spits looking at Gunther. "Gunther will make you something good, custom."
   Gunther swallows at the demand. "No problem."
   "And it won't take three tries." Travis warns. Gunther again gulps nervously. "Well come on, hurry up."
   "Right. Adria, can you grip this with your sword hand." Gunther hands Adria a semi-soft rod of clay. "Be careful to grip it how you would a sword. Make sure it's comfortable. After your done I will carve it into whatever type wood you want."
   Again Gunther pulls out several blanks of wood. One had thickly grouped grains and almost looked speckled with silver. Another was tinted green but Gunther assured her it wouldn't retain the color once it was stained. The last had loosely spaced grain making the rings visible, what made it interesting was this very fact, the wood blank seemed to be cut at an angle from the tree. The rings made an interesting checkerboard pattern across the handle.
   "I figured as much." Gunther replies when Adria holds out the final block. "White or black? We also have red and green but I don't think that'd look good for you."
   "White, like Al's." Adria exclaims with a grin.
   "Right, right. Gotcha." Gunther nods writing into a notepad carefully. Behind his back Travis watches over him carefully.
   "How much will this cost because we need to hav..."
   Both Travis and Gunther simultaneously answer. "It's a gift."
   "A gift?" Adria asks shocked by the deal she knew Travis rarely made.
   "Right, as congratulations."
   "I see." Adria nods, glancing at Al's small silver pin.
   The two on the other hand didn't notice the pin and instead thought something else entirely.
   "It will be done tomorrow morning. Come by anytime before you leave." Gunther nods making a final few notes about Adria's height as well as the weight of her current sword. Without another glance to the two he began to work out the design for the sword. "So sixteen layer?"
   Travis too has forgotten the two and has a mischievous look on his face. "No. We will do two hundred and fifty six."
   "But that's..." Gunther begins but Al and Adria, noticing the snub, have walked out by the time the words were finished.


CHAPTER TWENTY

   The following morning as promised the sword was finished. It had a similar curve to Al's although adjusted to match Adria's height and wingspan. She, although slightly less graceful than Al, drew the sword and marveled at its weight.
   "It's perfect." Adria says with a grin. "You finished it incredibly quickly, I'm amazed."
   "Yeah that's thanks to the old man being a stickler about stuff like that." Gunther says with a sleepy grin. "Say's custom weapons should be made at the customers timeline, not mine. Say's it's part of the experience."
   Adria smirks at the blacksmith's newfound customer service skills. "So you two are getting along?"
   "I assume it was Al, few days after he and Travis met, the old man showed up griping about all the mistakes my blade had." Gunther smirks recounting the event, "It was all superficial stuff really, but for once he was actually telling me the proper way to do it."
   "Oy is it gossip time or work time?" A gravely voice asks stepping through the doorway and startling everyone but Al. "Well your in luck the McCormick's agreed to sell their winter barley at a good price. I assume they still drink alcohol in the Capital?"
   "That's perfect! How much are they willing to sell it for?"
   "They'll to part with 500 lbs if you'll take it. Ten gold." Travis smirks.
   "Do you know the ratio of..." Adria begins to ask attempting to calculate the profits.
   "Over six barrels of pale ale could be made, likely profits at Inn prices... 20 gold." Al answers quickly calculating based on numbers he had seen in books and in the Inn in town.
   Adria casually calculates the payout of her pension as well as the profits for the Apartment building. "We should be good then. We still won't be able to afford an actual place to live but we could get a pretty nice place in the industrial district."
   "You really are moving to the capital." Travis says quietly with a shake of his head.
   "It's not...." Adria begins to explain, "We're not moving to the capital, well we are but... It's for Al to go to school and he wanted to see Golems so there's no better..."
   "I know, I know, I get it." Travis relents with a heavy sigh. "Though I still think he should take the swordsmanship exam when he gets there instead of engineering."
   This continued back and forth, Al had only just now heard there would be an exam but he wasn't particularly worried. With debate concluded the two next went to the Fort. There the commander halfheartedly handed Adria her pension as well as the advance for the sale of the Apartment building. Combined with what was in Al and Adria's pockets the cache was nearing one hundred gold.
   The next step was buying a wagon. This was easier than one might expect. Merchants often travel with multiple wagons stuffed to the brim with goods. As the goods sell off in random towns and villages so to do the empty wagons. Its more cost effective to sell wagon than to pay for the cost to return it to a port.
   They ended up with a lightly dinged but all around nearly spotless Jankin's Wave-ride. If any one of the original designers had heard the price they would roll in their graves.
   "Lets run it over to the Yilkins to pick up the barley." Adria says gripping the reigns and patting the seat beside her for Al to sit. "After that we need to stop by the adve...."
   "Excuse us." A familiar voice called from feet below on the road. "You wouldn't be headed to Tirish would you?"
   "Eh?" Adria asks glancing down at the voice. The light glistened off the shiny ball of skin. Troy flashed a smile and waved. Behind him Gab and Rouin also waved kindly.
   "Need escorts? We are headed that direction anyways." Gab says with a quick glance to Al.
   "How did you hear?" Adria asks with a frown.
   Troy smiles and waves a finger to the sword on his back. "Small town. Everyone knows everyone."
   "Gunther?" Adria asks, slightly worried.
   "Ah, no worries. He asked the guild master apparently, and he knew we were thinking about leaving so he reluctantly suggested we take the job."
   "Ian did?" Adria asks taken aback by the statement. Again she couldn't help but feel like it was trap, but she did her best to restrain this feeling. "But is..."
   "Think about it. Who safer than the top rated adventurers in the region?" Gab says with a proud smile.
   "Yeah that's what they said last time." Adria loosely remarks rubbing her chin to think about it. "Fine, we will hire you. But first we need to go pickup the goods and say a final goodbye to the priest."
   "Understood. We will prepare at the edge of town." Troy nods, "We should try to leave before it gets too late though, the best campsite is around six hours away."
   "Right." Adria nods once more gripping the reigns and setting the horse golem towards the Yilkin's. "We will be there in a little bit."
   With that the newly formed party split. Adria and Al towards the Yilkins and the adventurer group headed towards the road.
   Adria kicked herself when she arrived to see dozens of heavy bags to load into the wagon. Troy would have probably made this job much faster. Gab might even know a spell to move heavy objects. Rouin might... well maybe he could commune with the plants?
   Luckily it seems the McCormick family have brought some hands. They quickly load the cart and graciously receive the payment for the crop. In turn they immediately give most of the money to the Yilkins who hand them a sheet of paper.
   "What's going on?" Adria asks after Travis's wife nods to the man and sets the coins into a pouch at her waist.
   "We were able to sell half the farmland. We hope to sell the house in spring and move into town closer to Yui and Gunther. Travis wants to open up a shop and maybe teach some more people. I suppose I have Al to thank for that." The woman nods to Al graciously. "I wish you both the best of luck in the capital. Be safe on the road."
   "Same to you ma'am. Stay safe, keep Travis out of trouble." Adria says with a grin wiping her eyes.
   "Ah, right take this." The woman takes out a small package from her bag. Adria doesn't need to open it to know it's smoked meat of some kind. The trademark smell was unmistakable.
   "Thank you!" Adria spouts with a sniffle. "I'll cherish it."
   "I expect you to eat it." The woman says with a smirk. "Well it's freezing so I'm leaving. Get moving you two."
   Adria sadly waves for awhile as the woman returns to her house up the dirt road. She wipes her nose with a sniffle and then turns to Al. "She's right, we still got things to do before we can leave."
   "Library?"
   "Right." Adria agrees with a nod. "Gotta see the priest or he will curse us."
   "He can..." Al begins to ask but Adria burst into a bout of laughter.
   "No, no he can't I was kidding. Priests can only use holy magic."
   "Right." Al agrees with a nod, thinking back to the fire magic he had witnessed the priest using.
   Again Adria snaps the reigns and the horse golems respond by beginning a trot forward. Each time she makes the command Al watches the golem carefully.
   "You can't take them apart yet." Adria reminds Al. Such was the agreement made on buying the two horse shaped golems this morning.
   "Understood." Al agrees with a solemn nod.
   With that they headed to the library to say the last goodbye. Again Adria was worried she would be unable to choke back the tears. The priest was one of the first people she met in town. Her first confidant. The first person who didn't treat her like a glass doll. He was a friend and an ally. She was sad to leave him and everyone else in town really.
   They arrived at the library and quickly spotted the priest waiting outside.
   "Took you long enough." He rises from the bench and warms his hands with his breath. "Here."
   He hands a book to Al and smirks at the surprised expression Al makes. It's a book he hadn't read. "Read it on the way."
   "I will." Al agrees with a nod. "Thank you."
   "No problem. Have a good trip." With that the priest turns around and begins heading toward the library where Mr. Fred sat waiting.
   "What? That's it?" Adria complains with a befuddled expression.
   "Hmm? What more is there?" The priest asks without turning back. "Be safe and all that. God be with you."
   "We... I... Alright. Goodbye Father. Thank you for everything." Adria says with a bow.
   "No problem." The priest replies with a sniffle. "Ah, s'cold. I'm going inside."
   He sniffles a few more times and wipes his face carelessly with his wrist.
   "Goodbye." Adria again says with a smile. She then wipes her own eyes and snaps the reigns one last time.


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

   "Let's stop. Doesn't seem like we will make it to orchard tonight." Troy says tilting his head up to be sure Al and Adria had heard him from up on the wagon.
   "That works fine for me." Adria says with a smile. "I'd prefer not to stay in the orchard anyway."
   "R... right." Troy murmurs rubbing his neck. He then turns to his partners and begins shouting preparations.
   Adria assists Al in disembarking from the tall wagon and glances around the site Troy had chosen. It was far enough off the main path to be considered safe, it was heavily shielded by trees and rocks so wind sheer won't pose to much of a problem. Adria began to think of preparations herself. "Well, lets start I will..."
   However Al had already started assembling a fire pit as well as collecting nearby wild onions. The Mage girl Gab noticed this and began bartering shares of a stew made with some of the raw meat they had brought with them.
   Al glanced to Adria who nodded with a bit of drool gathering near her cheek. With that it was decided the group would share a meal tonight. Travis also showed Adria a way of turning a tent into a makeshift cover for a wagon.
   "You guys are lifesavers." Adria says with a smirk once they all sat around the fire. "I thought escorts keep to themselves unless somethings in it for them."
   "Well you can't exactly say nothing is in it for us." Gab says with a yawn as she stirs the pot of stew.
   "Gab!" Troy says elbowing her in the rib.
   "What? Eh? Its rude to keep it quiet. And sometimes your plans aren't the best." Gab says pressing tenderly on the spot on her stomach where Troy had struck. "Rouin, what do you say? You agree right?"
   "Hmm. I don't really care either way." Rouin says blowing on a reddish brown leaf carelessly. "Although at this point it would be more wise to explain, as it sounds much more sinister than it is."
   With that the three glance at Al and Adria. Both held an expression of confusion.
   "We want to be your go-to adventurers. Once you are settled maybe put us on retainer?" Gab says fluttering her eyelids at Al seductively.
   Adria grinds her teeth unconsciously and restrains herself from kicking the fire that separated her from the robed mage.
   "We will prove our worth on this trip. I know Adr... The lieutenant comman... Uhm... Well I know you aren't fond of adventurers but we hope we can prove we are different." Troy says rubbing his scalp nervously.
   "I just want to know one thing. And I want an honest answer." Adria says with a deep breath. "Kanger, before he joined up with you, was he a member of..."
   "Yeah." Troy says with a slow nod, "He wasn't registered to their party but he was definitely a lackey. They brought him with them pretty often."
   "One time when he was really drunk he complained that 'the only reason he wasn't with them was because of a stomach flu'." Gab adds after Troy.
   "Did he know? Did he know they were going to attack those soldiers?" Adria asks with a dumbfounded expression.
   "I don't know. He never mentioned anything about it." Troy sighs. "Honestly I never liked having him in the party but we didn't have a choice. When the black aces turned rogue, overnight we went from a group of nobodies to the leading party. At that point we figured filling out ranks was more important than finding trustworthy people. Him and the fat guy were strong and they were already in town."
   "I didn't like working with him either, he was a creep." Gab says with a shutter. "Right Rouin?"
   Rouin coughs to suppress his gulp. "What.. I don't..."
   "He came on to both of us whenever he got drunk. It was either flirting or reliving the 'glory days'." Gab explains to Adria without bothering to address Rouin's widening eyes.
   "That was flirting?" Rouin lightly whispers placing a hand on his thigh in an attempt to figure out how the act was 'flirting'.
   "So, again we are sorry." Troy says with a half bow from seated. Had he bowed anymore his eyebrows would have likely singed off.
   "No, you have nothing to apologize for." Adria says with a sigh.
   "Well it's over now anyways." Gab says sipping a spoonful of the soup to test its flavor.
   Adria shakes her head. "No, it's not. The black aces are still loose. We still don't even know their motive."
   "Isn't that obvious?" Troy asks slightly dumbfounded.
   "Troy." Gab says with a stab of a spoon.
   "Ow." Troy yelps at Gab with a look of betrayal. "What? I mean she's a princess. Why else would you kidnap a princess?"
   "But I'm not." Adria says with a sigh. "I've explained this countless times to the townspeople. I gave up my title. I'm a commoner. Or I guess I'm a officer in the army but that's a whole other thing."
   The three adventurers click their tongues as if Adria had just made a rookie mistake of some kind.
   "You think that matters? You are still the daughter of the king aren't you?"
   "Yeah but..."
   "But nothing."
   "But my brother is going to be the next king, I have no line in the succession at all if anything I..."
   "Psh." Troy laughs handing a bowl to Gab to fill. "That doesn't matter. The king would surely pay anything if you were in trouble. It's easy money."
   Gab, realizing how bad his words sound quickly interjects. "Not that we are... He's an idiot but he's just trying to answer your question honestly. And I agree with his hypothesis by the way."
   "Noble's don't work like that. Why don't people understand that. I am worthless to my family. A black mark they want erased in the shadows." Adria says with a roll of her eyes.
   "That's not true." Rouin says shaking his head with disappointment. "It doesn't matter what your families social class is. All humans, mana effected or not, love their children. It's an inevitable truth of life."
   "You don't know my family."
   "Or maybe it's you who doesn't know your family?" Rouin adds quietly sipping from the stew and nodding to Gab.
   With that the dinner continues in silence. No one felt like they could follow that. Even Adria kept her thoughts to herself. She knew there was no convincing these people. They are stubborn.
   "üś"
   Evening turned to night and Adria and Al split with the adventurers to their respective lodgings. Gab stabbed her short wand into the ground causing an eggshell like cage to grow around her. She winks once at Al as the egg engulfs her body.
   Rouin on the other hand simply jumps into a tree and adjusts a few icy vines into a makeshift hammock. He then lightly sets a worn blanket inside and dives in head first. Only Troy was left fumbling with a small tent. A pole fell causing the entire thick canvas to cover him like some sort of cheap Halloween ghost.
   "I guess we are living like kings comparably." Adria laughs opening the makeshift wagon cover. "It's cramped but..."
   She turns a shade of red which all the head shaking in the world doesn't seem to prevent.
   "I will take the floor." Al says glancing around the small tent area.
   "It's all floor Al." Adria laughs returning her cheeks to normal. "Here, you curl up there. And I will sleep over here."
   "Understood." Al says with a nod, pacing around his corner like a small puppy. He was sad there was no smell of Adria but he kept quiet about that.
   "So I promised you a story, huh?" Adria says after the two had settled into the small wagon. "I know it's out of order but I will go back to the time in the Capital now. Back before I gave it all up. Is that ok?"
   "Yeah." Al quietly replies with a nod capable of rocking the wagon's suspension.
   "Well I was an only child for the first, almost sixteen years of my life. I was always expected to be the heir until my brother was born five years ago. To most, that day would probably be the worst in their lives. But for me it was a blessing. I was free from such a massive responsibility. I was free from the judgement and expectations everyone pushed towards me. You know, I always dreaded my parents being unable to conceive. Getting stuck with the role... I used to have reoccurring nightmares of the kingdom collapsing under my watch. I would wake up covered in sweat, unable to breath, it was horrible."
   Adria sighs as she thinks back to her former self. A self she now thought was a bit wimpy.
   "It probably wasn't a great decision but as soon as my brother was announced to the other nobles I ceded myself from the family line and left. At first I stayed in the capital and enrolled in officer training with the help of a friend but once that was finished I just accepted my placement like a normal soldier."
   Adria yawns lightly through her final words.
   "So when I say they won't really help me, I mean it. My parents are focused on my brother now. Raising him to be a good king. That's the only thing on their minds right now. As it should be." 

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

   Roads like the one between Knobber Hill and Tirish have been used for decades. Many such roads existed even before the big bang. Relics of a different age, many constructed with technologies lost to time. 
   Given their history its not uncommon to find antiques and relics along the paths. 
   What Al found couldn't be described so elegantly though. 
   "A box?" Adria asks as Al brushes a pile of caked dirt from his find. 
   The crate in question was spotted by Al's near perfect vision in accordance with his irregularity detection algorithm. It's sharp corner seen sticking from the muddy road was quickly marked for investigation during a short break in the trip. 
   "OH?! That's a golem." Gab announces after stepping over to inspect Al's work. "I saw one like that back in a museum we visited in academy. They stopped making them in this style like eighty years ago, and that one looks even older."
   "This thing's a golem?" Troy asks running a finger over a chipped corner of the creation. 
   "Mhm, it's in rough shape but these here are legs." Gab points to three small stalks sticking out from the bottom of the knee-height cube. "And the stone on its face acts as a visual feed."
   Just as Gab explains, Al sets the golem in its standing position. With its last foot missing the golem quickly sinks into a tilt. 
   "Could be worth something to collectors if it were in better condition." Gab reasons with a forefinger and thumb to her chin. "Working, I imagine it would sell for more than a few hundred to golem fanatics."
   This statement quickly sparked a heated discussion between the group, everyone had an opinion of golems to share, except Al. Al was focused elsewhere. 
   His hands moved hesitantly at first but with little effort he plunged his fist inside the leg hole and began feeling around the body of the machine. 
   'Journal of Fitz B. Goddard' a book found in Jinx, and written by the original designer and primary repair technician of this exact model came in much more handy than Al or any second hand observer ever expected it to. I'll never doubt your reading choices again Al.
   But credit also goes to Carol who gave Al the idea to begin reanalyzing old content for deeper meanings He'd begun doing this on many of the books related to golems. And as it turned out, they were ripe with it.
   "URK." The Golem grunts forcefully at first. 
   Al nods to it as if it needed to cough out something, he probably recognized the condition status. 
   "Arf Arf." The golem chirps urgently, tilting its face around. It stumbles under its single foot before bouncing around in a circle to determine its location.
   The group around Al were stunned by the sudden resurrection. It took a moment for anyone to vocally react at all. 
   "Typical Al I should say?" Adria asks in a slightly exasperated tone. 
   "Arf!" The golem cries again in earnest desire for assistance.
   Al carefully sets down beside it and stares into its single eye as if trying to communicate.
   "Arf." The golem sighs before continuing towards Al. "Arf. Arf."
   "I see." Al nods. "It wants us to go that direction."
   Al points the same direction the Golem currently faced, deep off the road onto a large plain.
   "How can you tell?" Troy asks in amazement. He, like the rest wondered if perhaps Al had communicated with the Golem through free mana sight or any number of the other skills he had demonstrated. They were all curious how he had done it.
   "The display on its face." Al plainly explains holding the cube up to the others. Inset in the crystal eye, small words announce its need for assistance towards the southwest. The light was weak but it was clearly visible.
   They each felt dumb for a moment but brushed it off to follow Al in the direction he indicated a moment ago. 
   Every dozen steps the Golem let out a mechanical bark to remind them of their task. It was annoying but the poor thing could be forgiven for his programming.
   The group ran across a few random beasts including the vicious deer beasts but luckily their numbers were low so Gab and Rouin were able to take them out at range. If they got into close range or were fast enough to dodge Gab's earth magic things would change, especially since Troy had stayed back to guard the caravan.
   "Arf." The golem calls forcing Al to check the display again. 
   "Assistance is appreciated." Al reads before smiling. "Appreciation is unneeded."
   "Mhm that's right I though you were some rusted out hunk of junk, I had no idea someone around here had a working Goddard." Gab adds with a nod. "That's who sent you to get help right?"
   "ARF." The Golem loudly chirps. The display didn't change so Al couldn't figure out the meaning. 
   After walking a great distance along the plain the group found a small pile of rocks covered in crumpled wood. 
   "Is this..." Adria began to ask before being interrupted by the golem's chirp. 
   "It's an old well?" Rouin asks, stepping down into the ditch where the collapsed well lay. 
   I suppose they can call the golem Lassie... I guess no one in the group would understand that reference though. 
   Gab ducks a head into the crumbled rocks with a sad expression igniting her wand with greenish light once again. 
   After a long moment she pulls her head back in with a frown. "Just bones. I wonder how long he was there waiting for help."
   The group turned a bit sour at the thought of the Golem chirping at the roadside with no one willing to stop. Years probably passed before it finally ran out of mana or snapped a filament. 
   "We should bury the remains." Rouin concludes with a glance at Gab. 
   The Mage girl nods and retrieves her wand to begin construction of the grave. A small cube of soil glows and compresses, after that she takes a deep breath and the process repeats. 
   Rouin by the crumbled well carefully retrieves a well-kept vine rope from his leather sack and ties it off to a nearby stump before gracefully leaping down the hole with little regard.
   The golem seeing that its task was complete slumps down in Al's arms as if exhausted.
   "Good Work. You can rest now." Al smiles, placing it onto the ground carefully. 
   "That's impressive." Adria muses with a grin of her own. "Goddard's were some of the earliest attempts in complex magic machines. It remembered that command for probably over a hundred years."
   "The command came from the person it loved most." Gab pants through a magic cast. "There's no way it would be forgotten."
   Adria's cheeks grew pink at the thought but Al had other thoughts on the matter.
   "Machines can't love, It's more likely the golem had self-scribed the command onto its plate, it may even have been a hang-up in its shutdown requirements. It probably thought it couldn't shutdown until it was completed." Al explains patting the Golems head area with a sad expression. "It was common for strange things like this to happen in early golems. The theory is the mana core controlling the golem acted like the mana in a beast in some rare occasions. Allowing it to almost have a mind of its own in some circumstances. Luckily engineers solved the issues by filtering the mana they charge the core with."
   Al explains it all in his normal cold informative tone that he uses when repeating things he had read.
   Adria didn't understand it but she felt like she heard pity in his voice. 
   


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

   "Now the fun part." Adria says looking at the line of carts and wagons waiting at the western gate of the capital. In the distance a group of opportunity merchants walked along the trail offering fruits and cups of water. "Al, don't make eye contact or they will latch on."
   "Good tip." Gab says with a nod. "But those pears look amazing."
   "You know they will cost half as much once we're inside the city." Troy smirks shoving an elbow into her rib.
   "I know..." Gab whines biting her lip and watching the cart get closer. 
   "Right, Al." Adria turns to Al who simply looked around the area carefully. "This is a normal event when entering the capital. Guards inspect carts and wagons so inevitably a line forms."
   "And vultures try to sell you overpriced stuff you can get for half as much in town." Troy adds with a nod towards one of the nearby children who held shell necklaces.
   "It's not all bad though sometimes you can find a buyer for goods before you even enter town. Whenever we ran the merchant caravans it seemed like half the stuff was sold before we even stepped through the gate." 
   "Right, Gab you wanna talk to some of the other merchants and see what they'll pay for the oats?"
   "Ah, I should have kept quiet." Gab whines, jumping off the side of the wagon and looking around for wealthier merchants.
   "Ah.. thanks." Adria shouts to Gab as she meanders through the crowd. "You guys have really been a huge help."
   "That's right keep us in mind for any of your research needs." Troy smirks with a nod to Al.
   "Yeah... We'll see I guess." Adria replies halfheartedly with a shake of her head.
   The line winding down the road creeped along slowly. The group was only momentarily hassled by the merchants, luckily Gab was off getting offers so she wasn't persuaded to buy expensive fruit. Al was amazed by the variety of foods and fruits that were being offered so deeply into winter. 
   "You should try a pear once we get into town. You've never had one, huh?"
   "I'd like to." Al nods glancing once more at the man holding a tray covered in bruised pears.
   "Any plan for a place to stay tonight?" Troy asked as they once again inched the cart forward as the line moved.
   "We don't really have plans, I'd like to get in contact with my friend Dianna but she's all the way in central so we probably won't make it there with it being this late."
   Troy nods rubbing his chin. "I've never been through the gates of central but I know it's a good four hours on a high traffic day."
   "Yeah, living in the center I never really realized how big the city was." Adria says with a stretch. "I was thinking maybe one night in an Inn, maybe around downtown, would make it easy for tomorrow until we find a permanent place to stay."
   "Seems like a good plan." Troy nods removing the hand from his chin to wave away a young girl holding small folded paper animals. 
   "And you guys? Going to hit the guild barracks right away?" Adria counters handing the girl a penny and taking a monkey shaped origami with a smile. She quickly hands the monkey to Al who proceeds to inspect it at every angle.
   Troy snorts a laugh as the girl happily ran back towards the gate. "Eh we aren't sure. Gab wants to sign up at the downtown branch, while me and Rouin would be fine with any gate branch."
   "But the downtown branch is so much more glamorous." Gab shouts overhearing the conversation from a few paces away. Beside her stood a well dressed man holding his hat in one hand. Behind him stood two burly men seemingly waiting for an order.
   "Um Gab?" Troy asks glancing at the men.
   "Right," Gab says with a wave towards the man. "This is..."
   "Duncan Lyon of Tirish Trade Co." The man quickly adds with a nod of his own.
   "Right, he says he wants the stuff." Gab explains with a fluff of her hair. She practically seeped the words 'praise me'.
   "You have barley? I hear it is quiet a bit? Could I know..." Duncan begins to ask glancing around the wagon for the bags of oats.
   "It was harvested this fall so its still real fresh. It shouldn't have frozen on the trip either so I can almost guarantee its quality." Adria quickly quips pulling a number of blankets off the back of the wagon.
   "Perfect." The man says with a sigh. "How is 4, no 5 per lb?"
   "Can't do 6?" Adria asks moving to replace the blankets on the bags of barley.
   "Ah..." The man starts, almost stumbling towards the cart. "That's just too much. How about 6 for the first hundred and 5 for the rest?"
   Adria weights her options. As it is that would be more than doubling the cost. Although for some reason she felt like she could get more from him. She put a hand to her chin to show reluctance towards making the deal. Al as well maintains a stone-face expression helping to sell the illusion.
   "How about a favor as well." The man says almost lighting up with sudden realization after glancing at the two.
   "Hmm?" Adria asks honestly curious about his proposal.
   "I can get you in the city right away." The man explains with a grin. "So how about it? Want to keep waiting in the line?"
   Adria was a bit skeptical but it was also hard to turn down the offer. As is, it would likely take many hours to wind through the line. Its possible the gate might even close before their turn came up.
   "Fine. Its a deal." Adria says with a nod. Removing the blanket once more. 
   With that the deal was struck and the money was handed over. All twenty six gold. The man instructed his workers to unload the wagon and they began moving them two at a time towards the direction of the merchants wagon.
   "And now how are we going to get in?" Adria asks as the man seals his pouch with several knots.
   "Ah right." Duncan says looking around the line. He quickly spots what he is looking for and waves a hand towards the armored man. 
   The guard notices and begins stepping towards the group. Adria was instantly sure her former identity was discovered, she thought about trying to escape but the man's words surprise her.
   "I have business in the city with this man." Duncan says point towards Al. "As you can see he is a court researcher so our business is time sensitive. Would you mind..."
   "Of course." The man says with a quick polite bow to Al. "You should have mentioned you were a court researcher. My apologies."
   Immediately a path was opened for their wagon to scoot around the line. Adria felt a bit embarrassed that she hadn't thought of that but nonetheless she snaps the reigns and passes the group of envious merchants.
   "I forgot about that." Troy says with a sheepish grin. "I suppose he got the best of us."
   "Shut up Troy." Gab says shoving an elbow into Troy's gut. 
   The rest of the way to the gate was rode in silence. They were followed after several feet by a larger carriage controlled by Duncan. He had a satisfied smile as he waved at several bitter merchants. 
   They reached the gate and a guard nodded once he spotted Al's pin. They only had a short inspection, a glance into the cart for certain forbidden items but no intrusive bag check or body cavity search like normally.
   "That was surprisingly painless." Troy says with a smile as he pats his pockets after being allowed through the gate. Gab follows him with a similar expression and last Rouin and the merchants party step through the gate into the bustling town.
   "Would you all mind coming down to our branch office?" Duncan asks as he pulls his cart up beside Al and Adria's
   "Why? Want to pull more wool over our eyes?" Adria growls with a glare.
   "No, no." Duncan says with a laugh. "I am sorry about that. It was just too perfect though. I will make it up to you, I swear."
   "Oh? How so?" Adria asks maintaining the glare.
   "Well you'll be needing a place to stay tonight right? And perhaps he needs a research lab to rent while in town?" Duncan asks looking at Al again. "How about it? We have some of the best properties in Tirish."
   Adria attempts to find an excuse but she can think of none. 
   "I will give you the best deal I can. We could even take the wagon and golems as collateral on a loan if need be." Duncan again offers snapping the reigns on his horse golems. "Come on. Follow us."


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

   The following morning Duncan personally showed Al and Adria around the available properties. Luckily he was fond of the model Golem the cart came with so their total profits were near fifty gold, personally I think he was being a little nice. Nonetheless, added to what they brought with them, it was more than enough for most of the properties for sale in the lower western industrial district.
   "This one is nice." Adria says glancing around the wide warehouse area. On the other side of a thick wall was a small sitting area and several desks. It would need furniture to be used as a living space but it wasn't far off.
   Much better than the ratty wood building they had seen earlier. Although a steal, Adria couldn't see herself living there. This on the other hand was doable.
   "As you can see it's plumbed into the districts sewer system. Which as you may know..."
   "It's a good and bad thing." Adria finishes with a nod. "I understand."
   "Right. Well there is one other property within your price range to see if you would like. It's only a short distance from here. It's by the river, and a bit more laboratory focused, only around seventy percent of the building is warehouse. It was designed for potion production but the deal fell through."
   "Let's see it." Adria says glancing to Al. "Right?"
   Al nods with a grin. He simply enjoyed seeing so many buildings in one day. He felt like he couldn't memorize all of them in a lifetime. Finally he felt like he had a purpose again. He even passed several buildings that resembled the library in Jinx, only larger.
   Adria as always grabs Al's wrist and lead in following Duncan. As he had said, the other property was close. Within a few minutes on the smooth, musky smelling, road they found the second building. It was obviously newer than the previous. And although slightly smaller the area that looked livable was much larger than even their apartment in Knobber's hill.
   The floor was a pristine pale-gray wood. Each timber was wide and covered large swathes of the room. Currently there were three rooms with different arrangements of long tables. There was also a sink that drained into what  Duncan said was its own holding tank. 
   He clearly brought up the sewer problem on purpose in order to strong arm this property. Which lead to its price. It was the highest one so far, reaching the peak of their budget. It still left money for expenses but it was something Adria was nervous paying.
   She inspected every inch of the building, all the way down to the stone foundation in the basement. 
   Once she was finished she wanted it. Al of course wouldn't show much opinion. but Adria could have one. She thought of a dozen variables, its location was near the newly opened wing of the academy, its price was currently low due to the season, and it possessed its own holding tank. 
   This could viably be a very good property with some work. More connections could be added to the holding tanks plumbing. As well as the fact that the property line itself lies far away from any nearby buildings, so encroaching neighbors will never be a problem. Not to mention the concept of expanding with a renovation isn't impossible.
   "Ok, we'll take it." Adria eventually decides after checking that stuffy attic for signs of termites or mice.
   "I figured. Its the best one around." Duncan says as he takes a few forms from his side pouch and lays them on a dusty table. "Then if you please."
   Adria and Duncan look to Al at this point. Of course Al realizes this means he needs to do something so he looks at the paper.
   Again he signs his name, Al Thirteen.
   This time he chooses to embrace the mistake. After all, it would just be more confusing at this point. 
   Adria hands the man a handful of coins from both her and Al's purse. It was quiet a bit of their savings but a worthwhile investment Adria thought. 
   "Thank you very much. It was a pleasure doing business with you both. I hope you are able to accomplish great things in this laboratory." He say to Al with a firm bow. 
   "Thank you." Al responds with a grin. "I will do my best."
   With that Duncan walks out and takes a small wooden plaque that hung on the door with him. In the package of paperwork Adria found two thick iron keys. She hands one to Al and held the other carefully.
   "Put that in your coin pouch or something. Don't lose it."
   Al nods following the instructions, "Understood."
   "So what do we do first? There is kind of a lot to do. We should turn one... Ah... We should clean out two rooms and make them into bedrooms. And we will need furniture and stuff. But I'm sure you are anxious to see the library, not to mention we have no idea when the school semester starts or what supplies you'll need."
   Al looks at her with a startled expression. He doesn't have an answer for any of those prompts. 
    Adria smiles with a sudden realization. "Ah, sorry. Don't worry we can get some help. Probably."
   Adria takes out a notepad from one of her bags and begins jotting down a list of needed items. "Anything you can think of?"
   "Apples."
   "Right, right we will get food for sure, don't worry about that. Well we can figure it out on the way." Adria says giving up on the list and instead turning towards the door. "Come on, lets go explore."
   "Okay." Al says with a nod, walking towards the door to catch up with Adria.
   Again they enter the wide street. The wind had shifted so a whole new smell dominates the air now. It wasn't necessarily unpleasant smelling, likely from a perfumer or herbarium. Extremely toxic or pungent chemicals have to be be taken special care of so it's unlikely that fumes will ever be dangerous. And when inside buildings it's totally unnoticeable.
   "We have to head towards the inner capital. We will do some window shopping on the way but lets do the real shopping on the way back once we have Dianna's help."
   They make their way through the grid of roads back into what was considered 'downtown'. Here the buildings were smaller and pressed much closer together. Each had a pane or two of glass on its wall allowing passerby's to see the goods they stocked.
   Al found it curious since the same buildings often say precisely what they sell right above those panes of glass. 'Perhaps people don't like to look up' he thought.
   Al saw countless items he had never seen before. Machines that press letters onto paper with the click of a key. Large human shaped golems armed with shields or serving trays. Racks and racks of staffs, canes, and wands tipped with a gem or jewel. He even spotted a small child-looking woman hammering on a shoe, rapidly mending it. He would have continued watching but Adria warned him about staring.
   Their mission is the two large furniture stores on opposite sides of the road. Their prices indicated a fierce rivalry. Where one shop sold a bed for fifty silver the other sold one for forty nine, where one sold a bookshelf for twenty five the other sold it for twenty four.
   "Seems impossible to get the best deal from either one." Adria says looking back and forth at the two stores.
   Al on the other hand just scans the prices in each store and begins creating a spreadsheet in his head.
   Adria points out a few pieces of furniture she wants but overall they don't slow down their pace much. It was only when passing a cart filled with sweet smelling bread rolls did they stop. Al got an apple stuffed tart and Adria, pear. Of course after a bit of curious glances Adria shares a bite with Al. 
   "Good right?" Adria asks exchanging the rolls they traded.
   "Yeah." Al agrees with a nod. 
   "Truthfully pears were my actual go-to when visiting libraries back when I lived here. Unfortunately they can't grow back in Knobber and no one seemed interested in importing them." Adria relents biting into her tart again and catching the crumbs with her other hand. "Although pears are more dangerous to eat in libraries. See a pear is a hundred times juicier than an apple."
   Adria mumbles the words to Al with a mouthful of flaky bread and roast pear.
   Al nods in understanding and takes a large bite of his own tart. The apple tart contained cinnamon, a flavor Al couldn't place. He was fond of it but it confused him. He expected bread and apple, all of which he could see. He found this new flavor bizarre and delicious.
   Al and Adria quietly stuff the rest of their meals into their faces with wide grins. They receive a few glances from other shopping townspeople and merchants but mostly it was envy about their age or their carefree expressions.
   The two continuing their walk, attempt to restrain themselves from purchasing similar sweets at the few other carts and stands that stood between them and the inner capital. Al was strong willed, but Adria was weak and noodle-like in her conviction. 
   "Last one." Adria says, eating a third tart in a single large bite. "Don't give me that look Al."
   "Sorry." Al says with a grin. 
   "Hey. Stop that!" Adria again groans to Al, attempting to step on his boot. Al quickly moves his foot away avoiding the stomp easily. "Quit moving, I'm trying to step on... ...you."
   Again the two got envious gazes for one reason or another. Men were jealous of Al's position, women were jealous of Adria's smile. And several were just jealous of the pear tart.
   "There you are!" A voice unfamiliar to Al rings out in the large courtyard. Quickly townspeople who look in the direction of the source dash away, lowering their heads.
   Al understood the reason when he glances in the direction the voice came from. Dozens of guards stood around a single person. It was an intimidating entourage even for Al. The chill up Adria's spine instantly warms when she recognizes the voice's owner.
   "Dianna! What are you doing out here! I was planning on surprising you." Adria says smiling towards the girl at the center of the large group of guards.
   "You think you could surprise me? Psha!" The girl smiles with haughty expression. "My intelligence agents would be flayed alive if you snuck up on me."
   "Dianna you shouldn't joke like that. You're scaring Al." Adria chastises with a glance towards Al.
   "Right, right." Dianna says stepping through the courtyard closer to Al. "So you are Al. Strange, very strange."
   She begins looking up and down his body carefully. For what feels like the hundredth time Al has a hand prodding the top of his head looking for bumps or bruises.
   "Stop it. They would be gone by now anyway." Adria reasons, knocking Dianna's hand away from Al's head.
   "Oh?" Dianna says in surprise of Adria's quick action. "Well, you are probably right."
   Dianna smirks at Adria after glancing between the two. She then settles her face and nods to herself with understanding.
   "Well let's see what kind of place you chose. And you need help with Al's school enrollment right?"
   "How did you...?" Adria begins to ask, suspicious of how Dianna knew so much about their situation.
   "A new court researcher is a pretty big deal in my community. I did the math and figured he must have been the same Al you talked about in your letter."
   This explanation seems to be acceptable to Adria so she drops the questioning, opting instead to show Dianna back towards the property they have just bought. 
   "Ah, Adria. How about you stick with the guards in the formation while I chat with Al." Dianna says with a wide smile. "It will just be boring Researcher/Magician talk."
   "Wha... Bu..." Adria begins to complain but she realizes quickly she doesn't have much room to complain. 
   "Al is your boss right? He can lead me back to his lab. You just focus on protecting us with the rest of the guards." Dianna is shining with a grin at this point. It's clear she is enjoying this far too much.
   "...Hate you..." Adria lightly mumbles stepping back towards the guards shadowing Dianna.
   Few of the guards who recognize Adria lightly bow their heads at her. The rest simply maintain their watch. Adria notices that the same ones who recognize her smirked the most at Dianna's actions. Of course the others just thought it was normal in the situation.
   Maybe I am looking into it to deeply but to me it seems like Dianna not only did this to separate the two but also to put what she thought was a much stronger security force around Adria. It's very much like her. She really hasn't changed much.
   "So Al." Dianna eventually says as Al backtracks along the path. "Tell me about yourself."
   "About myself?" 
   "Right. I heard about you a bit in the letter Adria sent. But it seems like a lot's happened since then. So, how with no memory were you able to become a court researcher? You even cured someone that even I personally wasn't able to help. That's extremely impressive." Dianna says with a extremely curious expression "Please do tell. And don't leave a single detail out."
   "I used what was taught to me." Al explains with a shrug. "It was easy."
   "Were you taught to see free mana?" Dianna asks with narrowing eyes.
   "Yes." Al replies with a nod.
   Dianna looks shocked at the response. "What? How? By who?"
   "The priest showed me magic. In that moment I saw the edges of free mana."
   "Sure. That's how you check mana hue. But that doesn't..." Dianna begins to reason but she stops herself and takes a notepad from her pocket. She begins quickly writing notes about her theory. "Tell me as much detail about it as possible."
   With that Al recounts as simply as he can what he had done. It was nearly impossible to describe, most of it was done subconsciously. All the while Adria from behind was straining her ears to hear the conversation but oddly their talk didn't emit even the faintest sound.
   "Hey Al..." Dianna asks with a hint of hesitation. "Has Adria... it's probably rude to talk about if she hasn't mentioned it. But... well has she had any panic attacks from what you can remember?"
   "Panic attack?" Al queries with a tilt of his head. He had an entry for the word but he couldn't connect it to Adria.
   "Any paranoia?" Dianna again prompts. "That's how it normally starts."
   Al couldn't deny that but he felt it was all warranted paranoia on her part. He remains silent, answering Dianna's question in his own way. 
   "Well in any case she seems to be doing well. So keep up the good work." With that she pats Al on the back with a grin. 
   "I have a question for you too." Al eventually says after turning down a familiar alleyway. 
   "Oh? I wonder if its something I can answer." Dianna laughs full of expectations.
   "The big bang, mana. It was all you."
   Dianna looks surprised by the question for a moment before smirking. "Al you ask some strange questions. That doesn't even make sense. How could a single person be responsible for all that? You mean was it me who taught Adria? If that's the question then yes, that's true."
   Al nods a silent reply but leaves the question in his mind marked as unanswered.
   "Say Al," Dianna says as they near the neighborhood Adria chose. "What's your goal in life?"
   "Goal?"
   "Mhm." Dianna nods with a serious expression.
   Al couldn't help but answer, he had no reason to filter the thoughts.
   Eventually they reach the building, Al, even while distracted by the conversation, didn't get turned around at all. Even Adria suspected she would have trouble finding the building immediately, but for Al there was no such worry.
   "This is it?" Dianna asks looking through doorway carefully before she follows Al inside. "Is it safe?"
   "It's safe." Adria confirms after shoving past Dianna in the door-frame. "Now what did you two talk about? What was it?!"
   "Nothing, nothing. Although it seems Al has very little understanding of reproduction. It's amazing that he couldn't find that in any of the books he read. I suppose I will leave that one for you to explain." Dianna smirks following Adria into the small entry room.
   Adria turns a shade of red at the topic, a few of the older guards attempt to stifle laughter. "That's... I don't think that's something I should have to explain to..."
   "I can teach him if you don't want to." Dianna says with another grin. 
   "No!" Adria half shouts gripping Al's wrist and pulling him away from Dianna's clutches. "Can you just be normal. We really need your help."
   "I am helping," Dianna says with an insulted look. "Ah, fine. You want to apply at the academy right? Well he will need to fill out some paperwork so I'll have a guard run down and get it. We also need basic supplies. Basic tools, notebooks and writing utensils, Iluin can you handle that?"
   "Yes ma'am." A woman says with a salute. Then, her along with several others, dash towards the door to purchase the supplies. 
   "Now, is the luggage almost here?" Dianna asks casually sitting down in a nearby chair.
   Adria looks at the two bags they had brought with them and begins to answer. "Well that's all we ha..."
   "Not you." Dianna says turning to Adria and returning her gaze towards the guards. 
   "Yes. The carts should arrive in a few minutes." An older guard says glancing at the door.
   "Good." Dianna says with a nod. "This place should be good."

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

   Three rooms were furnished when Dianna's carts got there. It seemed she had decided to move in as well. She was calling it a joint research project.
   "Why are you doing this Dianna? I really don't get it." Adria protests as the royal magician rolls in her bed cozily.
   "Because it's warm." Dianna purrs with comfortable expression.
   "Not that!" Adria shouts growing angrier with every moment. Even she couldn't explain why exactly she protested she just felt it was wrong. "Why are you living here? Don't you have a house? And in the inner capital no less?"
   "Pah that's so far away from everything. And don't you want Al's memories to come back. If I stay here I can watch over him and maybe figure out what happened to him." Dianna says leaning up groggily from the bed and pointing towards Al who read in a corner.
   "You think..." Adria begins looking over at Al with a lightened expression. "Do you really think there's a way, for magic to help him?"
   "I can't say. But I think staying here from time to time and watching is the only way I could find out."
   "Time to time?" Adria asks with narrowing eyebrows.
   Dianna sighs with a hint of disappointment. "Well I won't be able to stay here all the time. I have my duties to tend to of course."
   With that Dianna looks at Adria for an extended moment before turning back to the pillow and nuzzling it comfortably.
   "What he did though, it's amazing right?" Adria says in a lower voice, attempting to not let Al hear the statement.
   Dianna again turns back to Adria with a small hum. "Which one? Killing two people in a single sword strike or the cure for Lady Caroline?"
   "W... Both I guess." Adria says with a sigh. 
   "Free mana sight as well as a master swordsman. He's like a..." Dianna begins before dropping the thought for lack of comparison. "He's one of a kind."
   "Sure is." Adria nods with a grin.
   "What was he like when you..."
   "When I first found him?" Adria asks as if talking about a small puppy from the roadside. "He was dumb as a box of rocks. No offense."
   She shouts the latter at Al in the corner. He merely murmurs with a nod.
   "What? How?" Dianna asks with a shocked or maybe even insulted expression.
   "I'm serious. For the first day I didn't even think he could talk. He barely said a word until a few days later." Adria recounts thinking back to the first week which was also meant to be the last.
   "Maybe he learned?" Dianna asks with little thought to the words. After all learning a language in mere days was impossible.
   "That's what he said." Adria replies with a shrug.
   "What?" Dianna again shouts leaping up in the bed.
   "He said he taught himself. Well in not so many words." Adria replies turning to match Dianna's gaze on Al. "Right Al."
   "Right." Al replies without a glance in their direction. 
   "How?" Dianna gapes watching Al exchange one book for another.
   "From these." Al replies holding the book he had just finished.
   "From reading?" Dianna again gapes. "And what about the swordsmanship?"
   "From watching." Al again replies. 
   "That's what I mean. He's like a little kid who learns quick. Its been surprisingly easy to keep him out of trouble." Adria replies proudly with a hint of maternal affection.
   "You two seem more like mother/child than boyfriend/girlfriend." Dianna lightly muses with a smile. "But the love is still clearly there."
   "We aren't!" Adria counters with a loud crash of her chair. "I don't..."
   "Yeah you do." Dianna replies without a moments hesitation. "Ah here's Iluin with the paperwork and supplies."
   Just as she says a woman shadowed by a group of stronger soldiers appears in the doorway all carrying various bags and crates. Quickly they set them in a corner that was clearly being used for storage. Iluin walks over with the folder and opens it onto the table.
   "How'd it go?" Dianna asks stepping past the still awestruck Adria. 
   "Good ma'am. Although not knowing Al's focus made it difficult to bring a single application. So I brought all of them."
   "Good point. What school did Al want to attend in the academy again?" Dianna asks turning to both Al and Adria with the question. "You'll come to the magic school right? Maybe I can get my certs back and..."
   "Engineering, he wants to do engineering." Adria quickly cuts in not allowing the idea to form.
   "Meh, engineering? Why?" Dianna ask looking to Al for the answer.
   "He wants to build a golem apparently." Adria answers after Al hesitates a moment.
   Dianna groans at the thought of Al's brilliance being wasted on golems. "Really?"
   "It's his choice and I mean honestly he won't likely focus on one subject. I think he would probably do nothing but read in whatever academy library he has access to." 
   "They won't just let him do whatever he wants" Dianna says with a shake of her head. "Although I wonder if they wouldn't let him attempt a few of the exams, I mean it's rare for someone who is already a court researcher to attend the school."
   "Apply to both the swordsmanship department and the engineering department?"
   "Don't forget magic." Dianna adds with a grin. "So what do you think? Good plan right? He can hone all his talents to their highest level."
   "Al?" Adria asks glancing to him who still sat quietly reading.
   "I would like to read as much as possible. These books in particular are very good." Al replies exchanging the thick leather book he was holding for another.
   "What are those by the way?" Adria asks glancing at Dianna.
   "My entire curriculum when I was teaching. Thought I didn't think he would read them that fast."
   "I told you it was fast!" Adria replies glancing at the other boxes and bags Dianna had brought. She spotted the one she was looking for and grabbed a round object from it. "Thanks."
   "I knew they were your favorite. I can be a good friend sometimes you know." Dianna goads with a smile. 
   "But that earlier conversation. I want to reiterate I am not..."
   "Yeah, yeah I get it, you're stubborn. I know."
   "No, that's not it. I am taking care of him, protecting him. I..."
   "Yeah, yeah. Alright. Sure." Dianna sighs with a roll of her eyes.
   "No, I'm serious..."
   "üś"
   "And she's gone." Adria sighs looking around the once again silent laboratory. Truthfully in the manic few hours Dianna was with them they had gotten nearly everything on their list done. School supplies were sorted, furniture was found, even groceries for several days had been shopped.
   "She was nice." Al lightly replies continuing to read the various textbooks and tomes she left.
   Adria looks at Al for a long while before eventually turning a shade of red. "I suppose. But she doesn't know as much as she thinks. You know, despite how she looks she's actually a lot older than us."
   Adria smirks at her comment while simultaneously praying that it didn't get heard by Dianna.
   "She is nice though. Without her by my side I would have been a wreck. She was the only friend I really had when I was the princess. Everyone else just wanted something out of me. At least Dianna always told me directly what she wanted."
   Adria snorts a laugh thinking back to the times Dianna helped her most. 
   "One time, during a particularly bad week for me I was supposed to be studying economics but I snuck over to Dianna's lab. She sheltered me through several platoons of searching guards. Eventually she convinced me I should go back. No, not that I should go back, she convinced me it was right to go back. She told me that running from my issues wouldn't help anyone. If I at least told my parents my thoughts instead of bottling anger towards them then maybe I could live more freely. I just never knew she meant it so literally."


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

   "First day of school." Dianna says looking at Adria with an excited expression. "Nostalgic isn't it?"
   "Don't remind me." Adria groans slapping a hand to her forehead.
   "Ah you are so cute when you're shy though."
   "A teenager shouldn't be shy about going to school!" 
   "There's no helping it you were a princess the week prior, you didn't know yet if you could fit in."
   "And I didn't. Ah! Just stop reminding me..." Adria again groans while Dianna laughs.
   "Al should be ok though."
   "Just try not to kill anyone." Adria warns Al with a wag of a finger. She then thinks better of it and adds a quick addendum. "Unless they try to kill you first."
   "Understood." Al replies with a nod.
   "Well you will be late at this rate. Iluin, do you mind?" Dianna asks looking again at the woman who had gone to the academy a few days prior to gather the necessary paperwork.
   "Right this way Al." Iluin says pointing a hand in the direction of the academy's main building.
   Adria behind the two looked a bit downtrodden to see Al walking away with another woman but she seemed to still not grasp why. 
   "Iluin will take good care of him. She was my TA back when teaching. She knows the academy inside and out."
   "I know I'm just..."
   "Nervous? Maybe he will fall in love with someone the moment he sets foot onto campus." Dianna prods with a grin. "He's handsome and famous, people will want to snatch him up you know."
   "That's... I wouldn't allow..."
   "What will you do? You're only his bodyguard right?" Dianna seems to have gotten herself onto a roll and is now grinning ear to ear.
   "That's... That's right. It's not my concern who he..."
   "But isn't it?"
   "üś"
   The academy's west wing was beginning class when rumor began to spread around the school. The source, of course, was the swordsmanship students in class S1. Why? Well I think it's self explanatory but I will recount the mornings events anyway.
   "Class! Today, although strange I know, we have a new student." The man leading the room said with a hand indicating towards the unfamiliar student wearing the stuffy academy uniform.
   A boy at the front of the room raised his hand but waited no time to be called on. "Which is strange, the timing or the dude?"
   The class burst into a spout of laughter and surprisingly the teacher didn't counter it. "That'll be for you to figure out."
   Many of the students had already grown tired of the setback and simply wanted to return to class but the others nearly simultaneously realized what about Al was strange. 
   "That button." A girl in a far back row asked standing up and squinting her eyes. 
   Another boy a few seats away from the comedian also locked his eyes to the metal pin at Al's chest.
   The teacher then nodded his head slowly in response. "Exactly. This is Al Thirteen. He's a court researcher."
   "What the hell is a book-slug doing in..."
   "Poin be polite. He's a court book-slu... researcher. He must be here to study us or make observations abou..."
   The teacher again interrupts the class. "No. Al, would you mind demonstrating real quick?"
   The teacher reaches under a nearby table and grabs a rolled grass test dummy. A simple rod shaped target held or placed on a stand. The material it was made from was extremely dense in order to train powerful sword swings.
   In an instant Al drew his sword and scattered grass around the room. In an instant he accomplished what the few star graduates of the school only could.
   The students were awestruck. No one but Al and the teacher could comprehend what they had just seen. They collectively gathered their thoughts. A court researcher joined their class and is clearly more proficient than any of them. How is this possible?
   "Who is he?" Someone eventually said, asking the question on everyone's mind.
   "He's enrolling in every department. He will be in class occasionally so please treat him well."
   "Every department?" A few people began whispering unable to accept what the teacher had just said.
   "Enough chat. Al, sit in the seat over there by the window behind Julia. We are reviewing great battles in history and the weapons that won them." The teacher returned to his desk and swept some of the grass off it. "By the way, extra points to whoever helps me and Al clean this up before lunch."
   In an instant a dozen hands in the classroom shot up, half wanted the bonus, half wanted a chance for a face to face with Al. 
   "Alright, alright we will draw straws." The man says with a handful of grass. "First though we talk about the battle of Con Mutlius. Anyone?"
   "The sabre." A diligent looking man sitting in the second row quickly says after raising his hand.
   "Very good, Although it could be said that the Ruvian's use of the spear was quiet important as well." The teacher concludes with a nod. "Can anyone tell me why those two weapons were influential?"
   A few hands shot up again. The teacher looked over them searching for someone new attempting to answer. It was always the same group of brown-nosers who raised their hand. "Al, do you know?"
   The class turned to him, he knew swordsmanship, that much had been confirmed. But does he know battle techniques? Does he know history?
   "Spears and Sabers." Al starts, thinking of the data he had on the two words. "Spears were widely used throughout history but it was only the battle of Con Mutlius that their defensive capabilities were truly shown. The defending troops were able to prevent the sacking of their capital for over three weeks armed with only sharpened sticks against a formidable force."
   The teacher nodded as Al began again. 
   "The mounted Saber corps were the only ones capable of breaking through the defensive line. It's obvious a steel sword is superior to wood spears but that battle proved once and for all the necessity of rethinking city defenses."
   The teacher smiles at the near perfect answer. It was almost as if it were read out of his book directly. 
   "Good. Anyone have anything to add?"
   One hand near the back raises. "If the spear-men were able to defend for so long, then why did city defense need to be rethought?"
   "Ah, that's not to say spears were removed from a cities defense. The opposite in fact. As I'm sure you're aware nearly half the guards in Tirish are armed with spears. What Con Mutlius showed us was the necessity of interspersing different weaponry throughout a defensive perimeter. The Ruvian's lacked a source of steel instead relying on wood and stone weapons. They could have attempted trade to bolster their armories but they chose not to, they chose to close themselves off. That choice made them an ideal target for attack."
   Class continued with more questions regarding history until eventually a bell rang indicating lunch. This thrilled most of the students of S1 for various reasons, bonus credit, talking to Al, and the fact that the next class would be a practical.
   That means a chance to see Al practicing swordsmanship. A chance to better inspect that bizarre sword technique.
   "Alright, Julia, Al. You two will help me cleaning, the rest of you get outta here. Tylian will meet you on the field after lunch. Will someone bring the dummies?"
   A burly man steps over to the shelf stacked with grass dummies without a word and lifts the massive crate. 
   "Thanks AJ." The teacher says with a nod. "Alright you two, Julia you know where the brooms are, can you show Al? I will move the desk out of the way."
   Julia nods and leads Al towards the closet buried in the corner in the room. She shoves a few boxes out of the way to make room for the door to nudge open. She quickly reaches in and grabs a couple brooms and a dustpan before the door slams back shut from the various boxes of textbooks and stacks of paper leaning against it.
   "Here." Julia hands Al a broom to which he returns a strange expression. "What? Can't use a broom?"
   Julia looks at him for a moment with an incredulous look. She imagined him suddenly as a stuck up book-slug, the image seemed to fit well. He hadn't bothered to say a single word to the other classmates. He hadn't even thanked her for helping him clean up.
   "Fine I'll do it..." Julia begins to says with a sigh, setting a broom to the floor and sweeping a pile of the loose grass up the aisle of desks. Quickly Al copies the maneuver in the aisle beside her. "Ah, so you can do it. Sorry for immediately judging you. Book-slugs don't get much appreciation in the S classes."
   "Book-slug..." Al repeats, unfamiliar with the term. It bothered him to be called something he didn't understand. 
   "Sorry. Um, I mean research students. Magic, Engineering, basically anything but the Archery and Swordsmanship students."
   "But Al is a Swordsmanship student." The teacher reminds her holding the dustpan in front of her growing pile of clippings.
   "You know what I mean. He's a Court researcher. I'm sure he fits in much better with the other research students."
   "I am not so sure about that." The teacher sighs dumping the load of grass into a nearby bin. "Well lunch is starting so I suppose you will see very soon."
   "You don't think the rumor spread that quickly do you?" Julia asks unable to believe her own classmates would blab that quickly.
   "Of course. And I am sure by now the other teachers have mentioned the new student joining them. It was agreed that teachers would inform their students about the fact that Al is joining all curriculum simultaneously."
   "So he is already a target." Julia sighs looking at Al with a hint of pity. "Come with me. If anyone messes with you I will deal with them."
   Al silently nods and follows behind Julia.
   The teacher now finally alone quietly mutters to himself with a grin. "I figured I could count on Julia."
   "üś"
   Just as the teacher assumed lunch was filled with whispers about Al. Some were bitter about the sudden appearance of an apparent prodigy, others were jealous about the silvery pin on Al's chest, but none were immediately outright malicious.
   The teachers that assembled after viewing Al's perfect scores had devised this plan in hopes Al would better fit in. They realized quickly that if he just bounced from class to class he would be viewed as a threat to the other students. But if he was simultaneously announced across the school the rumors would likely die out after only a few days. Once students got to know Al the teachers thought his classmates might be more understanding or just ignore him.
   Of course the students wouldn't be told the other strange circumstances of Al's life, for instance living with the Princess, or being a personal friend of returning magic instructor Dianna Gotfell.
   "That him?" A student asks glancing at Al and Julia as they pass through the mess hall towards the kitchen. 
   "Must be," Another replies gazing longingly at the pin on Al's chest. "Think we could have him borrow some books for us from section F?"
   "No way dude, he could lose his pin if he did that!"
   "Ah, but maybe he's cool!" The second replies with lightening eyes.
   "Cool or not that's besides the point. Lets just keep a low profile for now. I hear he can use that sword."
   "But he's a magic student. What would a magi..."
   "He's with a S1 student after-all. Teacher said he was in all the programs right?"
   "That's..." The boy says shaking his head as if still unable to believe the words.
   Without hearing the rest of the conversation the two walk past and enter the line for meals. Al had no clue what was happening but he smelled stew so he continued to follow Julia towards the source.
   "Stew or Wich?" The older woman asks as the two reach the front of the line.
   Julia answers first without a thought. "Sandwich. Light on the mayo please."
   "And you?" The woman again ask turning to Al. "Oh? New-bean?"
   "Right, Coleen this is Al. He's a..."
   "He's the special program student?!" Coleen the lunch lady asks with glowing eyes, seemingly starstruck by the student in front of her.
   "Special program?" Julia asks glancing at Al. "Special sounds about right."
   "Mhm, attending different programs on different days. I've worked here a decade and I've never seen a student treated like him."
   "Is it really such a special treatment?" Julia asks honestly surprised it was such a big deal.
   "Enough so that we were warned." Coleen explains with a shrug. Without waiting for Al's response the woman places a bowl of stew on the counter in front of Al. "He really doesn't talk much though."
   "Ah, that's true I guess." Julia says with a nod. "Is stew fine Al?"
   "Yes." Al replies inhaling the familiar smell of stew excitedly with a grin.
   "Well alright then." Julia says taking up her tray and waiting for Al to mirror her behavior. After he does, the two walk back into the quietly gossiping mess. Instantly a dozen heads turn to hide the staring. "You sure are popular."
   Al nods as he sits across from Julia at one of the long tables in the room. Moments after their first bite a loud bell rings throughout the building and the room leaps to attention. Leaving only Julia and Al choking down their meals rapidly.


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
   "That kid is just insane." A stout smoking man sighs into his pipe causing it to burp a ring. "I told him he could skip today's test and practical since he had just joined our class but he refused and ended up scoring a hundred points anyway. Threw off the whole curve, he even got the tricky one I hadn't taught yet regarding proper purity procedures for mana cores, the detail he put into the refining procedure nearly brought a tear to my eye. I haven't seen passion like that since my honeymoon."
   "Think he cheated?" a grinning teacher asks from seated on the plush couch of the lounge room. 
   "Don't gimme that." The man pants. "Where'd you pluck him from? Which school? He a Tirishian prodigy in makeup? Huruvian in stilts? It would explain the sculpting prowess..."
   "Nope, nope and nope. Don't you talk to the same circles as me? You really haven't heard anything about his accomplishments?" Dianna asks with a frown. 
   "Hmm? Oh that business with the duke? Sure, but what about before that? Person like that doesn't just appear out of the blue."
   "Earl, but yes. And as for the second part, well, there is more to it but it's troublesome to explain." Dianna says with a yawn. "That's right, where is he now?"
   "Al?" The golem engineering instructor asks with an eyebrow towards the returned professor of specialty magics. 
   "Mhm." She nods carelessly. "In a library I would assume?"
   "That's right, he wanted to read more on arguments on the merits of golem soldiers. He's in 15B"
   "Oh, a thrilling topic for a thrilling building. I see, I see." Dianna mocks with a chuckle.
   The engineer nods a response. "Hell, I wrote the damn thing but you wouldn't find me searching for it in a library."
   "He has a curious sense of tastes." Dianna says leaning up from the couch and walking towards the exit of the room.
   "Headed there?" The man echoes as she steps up to the knob.
   "For a thrilling adventure." Dianna murmurs in light affirmation before cracking the door and fading into a light mist.
   "üś"
   In the academy's third library ward Al sat quietly between two shelves consuming books at an incredible rate. He had long passed the professors suggested reading material and moved onto to many other topics with similar alphabetic titles. Suffice to say this sorting method internally infuriated him.
   A soft breeze passed through a cracked window followed by the soft footfalls of a figure walking towards his resting place.
   In the thirty second period of the figure walking over to Al, the AI completed four books and processed them for deeper thoughts. Al could now understand the underlying thoughts of the Authors of the works, it was hardly hidden but deciphering it proved more difficult for Al than expected. Understanding humans and their emotions is difficult at times. 
   Setting a fifth book down Al finally glances up at the intruder. 
   "Reading going well?" Dianna asks with a grin. 
   "Mhm." Al nods wordlessly grabbing for another book. 
   Instantly Dianna grips his hand from the air and whips him in her direction. A normal human might feel intimidated by the distance she drew, but Al didn't seem to mind her piercing gaze.
   "Al. Lets play a game."
   "A game?" Al asks still starting almost between her eyes.
   "Mhm. If you win I will answer the question in your mind."
   "The question in my mind?" Al asks, suddenly curious about what question he was curious about. 
   "Right, you know the one. You mentioned it when we first met, and even now, its bugging you, right?"
   "You are still glowing, despite being in a manaless environment. It's utterly strange-looking and according to scholars, 'completely impossible'."
   "Yep, that one. It has to do with how I use magic, and I will answer it if you win this game. But you only get one shot though. Think you can do it?"
   Al weighs his options for a moment, indeed the answers would come best from the source itself. Eventually he relents and begins to stack the books he had taken off the shelf. 
   Not giving him even a moment Dianna raises a hand forcing them all back towards their respective homes on the shelves around. 
   This completely contradicted the information he acquired from the priest in Knobber hill. He couldn't comprehend how magic was being preformed in a library as big as this one.
   He had to win this game.
   He had to know how this was possible, he attempted to fill the blanks himself but nothing fit quiet right. His leading theory was that this had to do with her style of magic as she said. Perhaps controlling the mana with her body allows her to break some of the conventional rules of magic. But the fact that even golems will fail in libraries contradicts this theory so he tossed it away.
   "So this game...?" Al begins to ask but Dianna had already gripped his hand and begun to de-materialize the both of them. 
   Al found himself reappearing outside in an alley of a sweet smelling area of Tirish.
   "Were here." Dianna explains yanking Al outside the alleyway and into the pristine road of Central Tirish. The road was packed with people and their appearance was barely even noticed in the sheer mass and speed of the walking traffic. "Tochi's Cafe! Today we shall conquer it!"
   "Wh..." Al begins to query looking down at his hands and feet as if utterly awestruck.
   "Oh, calm down its just teleportation." Dianna sighs pulling him by the hand into the cafe Dianna had called 'Tochi's'.
   The inside buzzed with quiet conversation. A few scribes scribbled down notes at lone tables while other tables seeped with the romantic vibes of shared cups and heart-shaped muffins. 
   "Two TITAN BREAKER! please." Dianna says to the awaiting waitress. Her sudden increase in volume alarmed the waitress momentarily but since the dish itself was written with an exclamation point it could be forgiven. Al would have read the dish the same way.
   The waitress grins and rings a small bell beside the cash register. "Two TITANS have approached the arena!"
   A few hoots and hollers begins echoing around the room as the customers begin understanding what is happening.
   Only Al was left in question.
   "Sit sit." the waitress says leading the two towards a decorated table seated at the center of the cafe. 
   "TI"
   "TAN!"
   "TI"
   "TAN!"
   The customers begin chanting as clamor of forks and knives against the tables begins to echo. 
   Al was sitting in utter confusion until eventually a bulky man arrived carrying two plates covered in pancakes. 
   When I say covered I mean literally covered. This stack is easily several inches if not a foot thick and the plate is invisible under the pile. The waitress joins him by placing two large jugs of syrup onto the table between the two platters.
   "Good luck Titans. Remember if you can't finish it in half an hour the price is doubled."
   "Loser buys." Dianna says before diving head first into the pile of pancakes.
   "..." Al was still utterly confused. She had found a game Al had no experience with. Even the dish itself was something Al was completely unfamiliar with. Its shape was similar to the bread he ate with the priest but its flavor and texture was completely different, and the sweet juice Dianna forced onto his plate turned the cakes into an even more delicious treat.
   He probably gained four pounds in this one sitting, not that it would show on his figure.
   "Too bad." Dianna burps with a grin. "Maybe next time."
   "I feel like you did that on purpose." Al frowns glancing between her empty plate and the dozen pancakes left on his, try as he might, he dare not eat those last few.
   "Did what?" Dianna ask, glancing at the clock and sticking a fork into Al's plate.
   "Never mind." Al says shaking his head and sliding his plate towards her.
   Dianna chuckles before stuffing the fork back into the plate. "I gotta say Al, you are interesting. I'm excited for our first class tomorrow."
   "Me too." Al nods, glancing at the window of the cafe anxiously.
   "Ah, don't be in such a rush she's out today anyway." Dianna says as she cuts another slice.
   "Out? Where?" Al ask, suddenly curious. 
   "On a date of her own." Dianna says through a sip of milk tea, "Although I think the place I took you is a little higher class."
   "..." Al takes a few moments to process these words. When they do finally click an odd pain fills Al's stomach. He couldn't explain it but he had a few passing theories on what it was.
   "Is that envy I smell?" Dianna smirks with a milky upper lip. 
   Al considers the possibility, it was nearly as likely as his leading theory, the 'TITAN BREAKER!'.  
   "And that's time!" The waitress shouts ringing a bell and glancing at the two emptied plates. 
   Dianna lightly swallows the final bite and yanks Al up from the bench seat. She quickly drops a handful of small coins onto the table and hands one to the waitress directly.
   "Get Mia something nice." She says with a smile. The waitress, noticing the shine of the coin brightens up before becoming confused.
   "Mia?" The woman asks with an imaginary question mark appearing above her head.
   Dianna, already walking towards the door with Al in tow lightly responds with a warning to quit drinking for awhile.
   The cafe door chimes and Dianna begins leading Al back towards the alleyway they arrived from.
   Al was as curious as the waitress about the last comment but he didn't pursue it. He couldn't get past the pit in his stomach.
   "So, shall we head back to your lab?" Dianna ask with half her body already turning to mist. 
   "What did you mean by date?" Al asks pulling his hand away from Dianna's to prevent premature teleportation.
   Dianna chuckles before blushing intentionally. "What, would you not want to date your teacher?"
   Al stares at her with narrowed eyes.
   "Fine, fine. I've teased you enough. Lets go." 
   Before Al can react Dianna pokes him and turns them both to mist.
   When the two again appear the smell and sunlight is completely different. Al recognizes the scent of a few nearby spicery's as well as the smell of fresh fish from the river.
   "Stay quiet." Dianna warns, gripping Al's hand and pulling him towards a window. She silently points inside at Adria seated across from a male figure. 
   Al again felt his stomach churn but this time he knew it was the 'TITAN BREAKER!', why else would he feel the urge to puke so suddenly. 
   "Shall we get a closer look?" Dianna asks in a whisper. 
   Without awaiting a reply Dianna presses on the glass window and steps through it with Al in tow. Al could distinctly feel his body pressing through the molecules of the glass, the sensation of teleportation was one thing but this just felt unnatural.
   The two ghostly figures emerged through the wall with very little commotion. A few customers even walked through the two as if they weren't even there.
   "Is this..." Al begins to ask, in utter amazement of Dianna's magic but she quickly silences him with a shush.
   "Sound over a certain volume can break the magic. Just stay quiet and listen."
   Al nods and returns his attention to Adria. Now with a better angle Al recognizes the man as Duncan. But how did this happen? When did this happen?
   Al felt very conflicted until he began to listen as Dianna instructed.
   "It will be no less than three gold for that many books. And you said you wanted rare ones primarily. You can't expect all that for a minimal budget. It's just impossible"
   "I figured." Adria shrugs. "Well get what you can, it feels weird to have an empty book shelf and... well in any case, just do what you can." 
   "Now for the other issue you brought up." Duncan begins, prompting Adria to elaborate. 
   "Mhm," Adria murmurs sipping from a cup of water and clearing her throat. "I really think you will find the items made in Knobber hill are the finest quality. The swords me and Al carry for instance were made there and you've already seen the oats they produce."
   "Mm, Indeed they were good oats. It almost made me regret cutting it with chaff and selling it at twice the price." Duncan laments running a hand through his hair. 
   "That seems like more of a personal problem to me but..." Adria sighs shaking her head. Hearing a sound she suddenly jumps and glances around.
   For a moment Al and Dianna collectively held their breath, but they were relieved when Adria asked if Duncan heard the third bell.
   When Duncan affirms with a nod, Adria gulps down her glass of water and explains her urgency. "Al gets out of Academy soon, I appreciate the help. I hope you can consider Knobber hill for a franchise, I know it would really help a lot of people out there."
   "Right, right, I'll think about it." Duncan sighs preparing for his own departure as well. The two drop a few coins on the table each and nod to the waitress as she begins clearing the table.
   "A little less hot and heavy than you were expecting?" Dianna asks in a whisper with a smirk. 
   "..." Al silently responds with an unconscious glare.
   "Lets roll out. We gotta beat Adria home, right?" Dianna asks, poking Al's puffed cheek and teleporting the two without a hint of preparation.
   The two re-materialize inches above Dianna's bed forcing them to fall unceremoniously into a pile, just as Dianna planned.
   Al lifts himself off and first starts checks his digits for any misplacement. After sure everything is right he returns his attention to Dianna who lay on the bed casually. "Al, you should try thinking about today. Just see if you can figure it out yourself, it's not hard. I think you can do it no problem. Now, hurry up and get out of my room." 

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

   A week passed before either Adria or Al realized. Al had now rotated to each department in school and was learning things at a pace he thought never possible. In both magic and engineering classes Al was allowed to basically do as he pleased. Typically he went to a random library and read from shelves in an incomprehensible order, but occasionally he would stay for class if it sounded interesting. 
   In swordsmanship class he began mirroring the techniques of his peers and improving on them with his own knowledge or tips from the practical teacher, Tylian. All his classmates thought little of his skill at first, they chocked it up to him being a prodigy in the field. Each class thought 'Sure, he is good at this but he must be doing bad in...'.
   But really Al paid little attention to his fellow students. He did his school work and maintained his priorities. Reading, eating apples, and living with Adria.
   And now with the weekend finally come that last priority could finally take lead.
   Adria too seemed out of sorts with Al gone for so long day after day. They both seemed more at peace with their first day off. 
   Well Adria technically had nothing but days off, although she was constantly forced to hide from the slightest sound of royalty or nobles so it didn't feel like a break. 
   "Why are you two sitting around doing nothing." Dianna shouts, bursting through the door and slapping the table with her palm.
   "What else would we be doing?" Adria asks glancing up from a book she had been reading these past few days.
   "Oh I don't know..." Dianna smirks with a glance at the bed. "No, wait I'm not here to tease you today. Hurry up and get dressed! You know what tonight is right?"
   "Tonight?" Adria asks giving little thought to the earlier indecency. She had learned to ignore it at this point.
   "The Arena's opening ceremony is tonight! The spring season is about to begin." Dianna explains with an amazed expression "How did you not know that? Didn't Al mention his Golem is participating?"
   "Al's Golem?" She asks, turning to Al to authenticate the story.
   "The whole department has been building them for the past couple months, so obviously Al's is a little less complex but it's still a big moment, right?"
   "It is!" Adria agrees bolting from her seat and staring at Al with an astounded expression. "Why didn't you tell me."
   "Sorry." Al responds without a valid excuse. 
   "Well 'sorry' doesn't cut it. Come on, Dianna got you that suit, now go wear it!" Adria points to Al's barren closet with a grin. 
   "Hurry, hurry. Opening ceremonies start at sunset." Dianna commands glancing at the window once to make sure time hadn't escaped her.
   Al looks a bit shocked by the comment so he found himself unable to restrain the comeback. "It's still morning."
   "Adria has to get ready too Mr. selfish." Dianna says grabbing a bag from a nearby guard and handing it to Adria.
   "And that takes more than seven hou..."
   ""YES."" More than two voices reply in unison without a glance at Al.
   "I see," Al softly responds opening the closet door and stepping inside to change into the court robes Dianna had bought over a few days prior.
   From outside the door he heard a light murmur asking why he was in there. Then another explaining that it was Adria's way of coordinating changing back in the old one bedroom Apartment in Knobber hill.
   He paid little attention to it and began changing into the complex array of clothing. There were buttons, zippers, hidden buttons, hidden zippers. It even had a pocket designed to fit a long cigar sewn into the breast.
   "Adria what is this pocket inside this other pocket for? I just can't imagine a use for..." Al began to ask after stepping out of the wardrobe. "... Excuse me."
   He quickly steps backwards and reenters the closet shutting the door firmly.
   "Well that was awkward." Dianna says with a giggle as she tightens the corset she had been adjusting. 
   Adria on the other hand was speechless and turning pinker by the second. Either due to embarrassment or pain, even I don't know.
   "Well at least you both can make reactions like normal humans."
   Although Dianna says that Al had no real understanding of why he left so abruptly. He knew of course based on earlier talks with Adria that walking in on her changing was not allowed, but in this case that wasn't what he was thinking about. He had left because of an indescribable feeling that settled across him on seeing so much of Adria's bare skin.
   Eventually the coast is clear, a firm knock sounds on the other side of the closet door. Al carefully turns the knob and glances around through half covered eyes. "Is it..."
   "It's safe." Dianna laughs. "Aw you to are so cute."
   "Shut up Dianna." Adria quickly spit, glancing nervously at Al. "You didn't see anything, right?"
   "Right." Al lies with shifting eyes.
   Adria sighs lightly, "Good."
   Dianna looks between the two of their sheepish expressions. "He's lying, and you know it."
   "Shut up Dianna." Adria again shouts turning to her friend with some genuine anger.
   "Fine fine." Dianna eventually relents with a wave of her hand. "But Al, come on give a response."
   "A response?" Al asks with a cocked head.
   "He doesn't have to say anything about that! I already said drop..."
   "I'm talking about your dress Adria. Not the strip show earlier."
   "Ah? The dress. Right." Adria says regaining her composure and turning to face Al with a bit of a twirl. 
   "Well?" Dianna asks with an expectant glance at Al. 
   "It looks soft." Al says reaching out a hand to feel the material of the dress. At the approach of his hand Adria takes a quick step back. 
   "Not the material dummy. Does it look good on her?" 
   "I don't understand." Al says turning to Dianna as if the question is foolish. 
   Adria sighs and looses the perfect posture she had been maintaining until then. "Ah, just drop it Dianna, Al's not good at stuff like that."
   "Wait." Dianna says watching Al's line of sight carefully. "What don't you understand Al?"
   "Adria always looks good, some fabric can do little to change that."
   Adria turns to another deeper shade of red. Dianna on the other hand beams a smile. "That's my star student for ya!"
   "I worry about what you are teaching him." Adria says after regaining herself again. "But, thank you Al. That's very kind. You look very dapper in your suit as well."
   This time the redness focused on her cheeks as she stepped across the distance separating her and Al. She lightly stood on her tiptoes and pecked a kiss on Al's cheek.
   Al had no response. He was again overcome by the strange feeling from before. Subconsciously he was searching for the reason for the feeling, and searching for a way to re-trigger it. But there was so much contradiction in the feeling.
   "Oh! Maybe I have two star students." Dianna smirks as Adria quickly retraces her steps and dips her head to avoid Al's awestruck line of sight. "Come on love birds. Lets go see some golems beat each other to pieces. Real romantic stuff, don't you think?"
   Neither Al or Adria replied. Nor were they supposed to. Dianna continued smirking as she walked towards the door where the majority of her guards and a wagon were awaiting them.


CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

   The murmur of the arena came into earshot after around twenty minutes on the wagon. They were going at a fairly regular pace for the golems so the sound only slowly grew into its true volume. 
   "We're here!" Dianna says reaching for the door only for a guard to get to it first.
   "Should we prepare the normal box seats?" The guard asks after helping both Adria and Dianna out of the tall wagon.
   "No way. We are watching incognito." Dianna refutes without a thought. "That means small escort. Three max."
   "Very well." The man says with a bow.
   He quickly steps back and three regularly dressed guards take his place. Two men and a woman Al had seen helping Dianna with classes. A mage he presumed, although he had never actually seen her use magic.
   "Good." Dianna nods after inspecting the three guards. "Let's go. We gotta get tickets like all the plebs."
   "Don't call them that." Adria says with a shake of her head. 
   "Right, forgot you didn't like that term. Is 'commoners' better?"
   "Not particularly." Adria replies with a shrug.
   "No matter." Dianna returns with a shrug of her own.
   With that the three, winged by the guards began walking towards the excited arena. The air was chirping with talks about the upcoming ceremonies. Carts lined the path leading up to the arena. Trinkets and souvenirs as well as foods and drink were sold by heavy handed merchants from either side. Al was accosted to buy more items than he could recognize. From tiny armored men to patches with the year and season sewn into them.
   "If you buy on the way out everything sells for half price." Dianna whispers to Al who watched each stand he walked past carefully.
   "Right, we will get souvenirs later." Adria says eyeing a silver brooch on a cart a few feet away. 
   Al says nothing in response, instead categorizing the various items he sees based on color material and various other factors. He subconsciously took a longer look at the brooch Adria liked.
   "Come on, hurry up we can't miss the opening." Dianna again prods glancing at the darkening sky. "It also seems like it's going to rain. So if you don't want the nice clothes I bought you getting wet you will get inside that arena."
   Adria and Al of course follow the demand. The three began plowing through the crowd of vendors and found themselves at the front of the spectator's line in no time. 
   Dianna shines a smile at the man taking money and orders the tickets. "Three please. Two adults and one student."
   He gives her a price which she quickly tosses on the counter. She then nods to the two guards following her. It would seem from an outside perspective as a simple hello to an acquaintance, but in reality it was simply the boss saying 'pay for your own tickets'.
   The three couldn't really complain, this was work-related entertainment after all.
   Once inside the excitement could be felt in the air. The stands were already crowded with people, eating snacks and feverishly debating upcoming matches. This night in particular was always greatly anticipated for the sheer length of the tournament. Normally only so many matches could be done in a night, but in the spring and winter tournaments night begins earlier so more matches can be completed. This means more excitement for fans, and more profit for bookies.
   "There's seats over there. Seems we are in time to see Al's fight." Dianna says pointing with a handful of popcorn she seems to have conjured from midair.
   Somewhat wordlessly caught up in the excitement of the packed stands, Al and Adria follow Dianna to the indicated seats.
   "Scoot, scoot." Dianna says prodding a few nearby spectators. They of course follow the pretty girls command and make more than adequate space for the three.
   The guards of course file into some seats nearby which they had stealthily evacuated. They took their job seriously. As could be seen by the frozen chocolate banana held by the mage, and the large sign held by the taller guard.
   "You said... Al's golem? Fight?" Adria asks doing her very best to make words that make sense.
   "Right, opening ceremony for the Arena. You seriously don't remember this? The Academy students in engineering create a golem to fight. They are pretty typical cookie cutter designs that Professor Skepter give them every year. But they are allowed to make modifications. Of course Al coming in late it'd be impossible but I heard he... Oh well it's starting. Just watch." Dianna says noticing the dimming of the magic lamps hanging all around the ceiling.
   Al was watching the mana controlling the lights in the room lessen with an expression of amazement. It was a magnificent sight seen only by him. There were clearly several mages controlling the lamps so their mana was a different shade or even color entirely. There was even a shadowy black one amongst them. It was more beautiful than a rainbow sunset. He could leave right then and there and still call the night a success. 
   An announcer with a fairly jarring voice suddenly began spouting about the history of the Arena. The countless years of fair fights and even opponents. The years of struggle littered with the parts of golems past and future. He went on and on. The hours of engineering spread within the very crumbs of the arena. 
   It was a bore.
   Eventually the snoring crowd grew excited when movement began to spread in the massive central ring of the Arena. Dozens of Golems were rolled out on carts and placed in the dirt circle. Each was covered in layer after layer of thick, intricate, metal shielding. Only one was carried by hand and placed to complete the circle. 
   A small bout of laughter was emitted by the crowd seeing the small roughly cat beast shaped golem placed at the end. It was a pale red and was clearly made from unshielded golem clay. Anyone could see this was a pet golem, not a fighting golem. Such things weren't rare but bringing one here would only be done in jest.
   "Is that..."Adria begins, glancing at both Dianna and Al.
   "Mhm." Dianna smiles. "I personally love the design. Although for fighting capability. Well it's clay against metal..."
   Adria gulps nervously. But she couldn't help being impressed, if it really was a working golem then Al had performed yet another miracle. Again not that the shape itself was unusual but for the sheer time it took for him to build it.
   Although a part of her, remembering a few of the Arena's traditions, was somewhat glad Al's Golem was a bit lacking.
   Then adding to Adria's worry a man steps to the center of the circle and recites a single word. "Activate."
   The man then runs as fast as he can in the direction of a small trapdoor. He dives inside but the action has already began.
   As everyone expected, in the first seconds of the battle, Al's golem went flying. Only a few of the spectators wondered what had struck it. The, unshielded, already crumpled clay smacked into the face of a nearby dud causing it to tumble to the ground.
   A dud isn't rare for a student. It's possible the golem itself works perfectly it's merely a problem with sensitivity towards commands. Perhaps due to lack of properly shaped noise chambers or maybe even misplaced shielding.
   Adria began to gather some words of sympathy for Al but her attention instead stays on the growing battle. In particular towards the golem which Al's had struck. It was moving. A few veterans wondered if it was a famous 'mana cell back-burst' but the truth was an even bigger surprise.
   Crawling out from the tattered clay and metal remains of the fallen golem was a small cat shaped golem. But that's impossible. The clay crumbled, it should be destroyed.
   "How..."Adria began to ask with a gape mouth. 
   Dianna too was agape but she was more interested in the small metal talons and teeth the cat seemed to have gained from the exchange.
   It wasn't the only gain. The cat again leaped for a target and smashed into a bare section of clay. Again the clay and metal bits crumbled to nothing and the Golem it had targeted fell.
   Like clockwork another cat emerged. The stands were nearly rioting at the scene. They had never in their lives imagined such a turn of events. People were praying to whatever gods told them to place the joke bet they had just made.
   You're welcome.
   Again the cat that emerged was better armored. A spine of metal plates ran along its back giving it a much fiercer look. It also seemed to have gained several pounds of clay in the last refresh.
   "It might just..." Dianna begins to wonder with a growing grin.
   Adria too worried about such a turn of events. Al might just win this first match. From there he would get the wildcard placement in the real tournament. What would happen then? Would he win? Would he have to meet the royal family? Surely they don't do that anymore right?
   Adria couldn't bring herself to look in the direction of her families private box seats. She dreaded seeing her father staring back at her from those stands.
   Three golems now stood in the arena. People all over the stands were shouting encouragement to the mindless husks of clay. Al's golem now prowled carefully watching the two fighting golems. It chose its time and struck. The two remaining were extremely well armored. One even had a shield covering its face, and while limiting view it also saved it from Al's golems main attack.
   Al's golem again smashes into a bare section of clay, forcing the enemy to a knee. The opponent golem takes the opportunity and lets loose a sword swing. It strikes the fallen Golem's head, smashing it to pieces. 
   But Al's golem wasn't fettered, from inside the now demolished golem it emerges and leaps for the connection between the hand and sword. A thin patch of clay no larger than a fist. But it was enough. For a final time in the first match a golem falls to the ground.
   Everyone turns to a dead silence as they watch for the movement. Again it comes, and a massive cat beast crawls from the corpse. A few shrieks are heard from the more skittish of the spectators. Despite the clean finish the crowd remains silent. 
   "Now the interesting part." Dianna explains watching closely. "Seeing if it attacks the command bearer..."
   "It won't." Al lightly says with a shake of his head.
   "Why do you say that?" Dianna asks, suddenly thrilled by the topic of golem engineering and rune-work.
   "It's primary command is to eat mana cells. It won't be interested in humans."
   "I... I see." Dianna says with an astounded expression. "I shouldn't have expected any less I suppose."
   As Al promised when the command was given from a careful distance the golem surprisingly crumbled into a pile of dust. The spectators let out a wail as they thought Al's Cat beast golem had perhaps self destructed, invalidating the win. But the truth again surprised them more than their worst fears. Under the pile of dust and metal sat a small cat beast shaped golem again in its Mr. Fred form.
   "Good work Mr. Fred #2" Al says quietly with a salute.
   The command bearer, as amazed as everyone else quickly steps over to the pile of rubble and holds the cat beast statue up in the air triumphantly. 
   For a countless time the crowd roars into a cheer. Al's golem is a hit.
   "Al will you let me look at it closer?" Dianna asks as the command bearer takes the golem back to the barracks were all of the golems were held and tended to.
   "Sure." Al responds with a nod. 
   Without waiting a moment Dianna leaps up and grabs the hand of both Adria and Al.

   
CHAPTER THIRTY

   "It's technically two golems." Al explains to Dianna after she had forcibly removed the various spectators Al's golem had acquired. "The first is the cat beast. The second is what I call the parasite."
   Al reaches a hand into the soft clay of the cat and tugs on a firmer brown worm shaped golem from inside. He lightly prods it until it comes undone like a coil of rope. Inside clearly visible is the simple pieces of a golems core. Mana cell, gold conductive traces, and a slim roll of copper foil.
   "What..." Dianna asks, looking at the place where the normal rune block should be.
   Al quickly understands what she's indicating with the line of her sight. Not to mention it was the more noticeable fundamental change. "That roll replaces the copper block. It seems pointless to use so much wasted copper. So I extruded mine into a thin foil and then etched the runes. I had lots more room."
   "That's why it's able to act so complexly?"
   "Not exactly, those are mostly subroutines." Al points to a small scroll in the cats paw.
   "You have... Multiple rune structures? How do you move the mana?"
   "Thin gold traces in the cat's body." Al explains pulling a thin metal thread from the same paw.
   "But..." Dianna ask processing the information as fast as possible and also refreshing herself on the basic's of golems that she knew. "I saw that body get destroyed countless times. How do you bring those other rune structures into the..."
   "Improved versions?" Al offers. 
   "Exactly. If each time it gets destroyed... Wait, you said it eats the mana cell? You aren't..."
   "Exactly I recreate the new rune structure by turning the enemies mana cell into a magic tool. I got it from those books you gave me. There is more than enough copper and gold in the enemy golem's corpses, all I need it to do is perform simple alchemy..."
   "No, I get it." Dianna says putting a hand to her head. "I'm just amazed. This is the most highly practical use of golem's using magic that I've ever seen. I'm weary to think of the possibilities."
   "It has massive war potential." Adria answer for Dianna, saying her first word in a long while. "That's why I'm sure he'll come."
   "Well is that such a bad thing. It'd be good for Al to meet the parents right?"
   "This isn't a joke Dianna!" Adria snaps back without even a blush.
   "I'm not joking. But fine jeez. No need to get snappy." Dianna whimpers with a sour face. "If you want we can leave early. I don't know if the staff will be OK with it but we might even be able to withdraw Al's golem from the wildcard spot."
   "Ah very good work, I wondered if we might find you here..." A man's voice stoically says, cutting through the chatter in the room. The man wearing casual purple flowing robes coughed into his hand softly as if preparing to speak. Quickly his attention instead turned to Adria whose back was turned to him. "... Adria."
   "So you planned this?" Adria sighs, misunderstanding the pause for built suspense. "But why would you go to such lengths? I..."
   Adria seems to be taking the situation at her own pace. Instantly thousands of paranoid red-flags she had chosen to ignore began to surface. Her breath began to tighten and blood flew from her head. 
   How could any of this happened so easily for her. How far back did it go even? The position in Knobber hill? Maybe the acceptance to the army itself even? No, surely. Her friendship with Dianna was probably even part of her father's plan, they probably planned this together. How had she been so stupid?
    What about the priest, her first friend in town, a man of significant talent really worked for such a small citizenry? Impossible, he must be connected to the royal family somehow. 
   She thought back to the words she had heard from her father all those years ago '...grow up.' 
   Was all of this, some how just for that?
    Her world was crumbling. She felt lied to, she wondered what was even real. Everything that she thought was a step forward for her was just another step in the direction her parents wanted?
   But Al...
   Al was what made her grow the most. Was he real? His memory, is it really lost? Or was he planted too? Just so she could feel like she helped someone? Just so she could fall in love...
   What is she to Al? 
   A job?
   She didn't bother to think further. It was too exhausting, so many horrible thoughts. 
   "You lied." She unsteadily says through gasping breaths, not listening to a word around her. "You all lied!"
   With those words she bolts for the door faster than anyone can react to the words. A few guards attempt to stop her, perhaps unaware of her identity or simply thinking it the right thing to do, but she easily knocks them down without even drawing the white blade from its sheath.
   "What...?" The king asks with a wild expression on his face. "What did I do? What just happened?"
   "A lot I think." Dianna says with a frown. "Al, that is a panic attack, I think you should go talk to her."
   "Understood." Al replies, running off without another word.
   "Wait, but what did I do? She said I lied?" The king again asks while simultaneously preventing the guards that attempt to stop Al from completing the task Dianna had given him. Likely a wise choice. Adria made no warnings about killing today. 
   "I bet she realized that you helped her get placed in the military ya dummy." Dianna replies with a glare at the king. Seemingly unfrightened by the fierce glare of the guards she continues "And she definitely realized anything else shady that you've been doing. You know you probably ruined a lot of her hard work. She needed to gain trust and now it's all been shattered. It'll be a wonder if she ever trusts another human soul."
   "I didn't..." The king stutters lowering his head. "I just wanted to help her. I just wanted to give her what she felt like she needed."
   "She felt like she wanted to get it herself. Not for it to be given." Dianna sighs with a shake of her head. "Think about how you were when you were a kid."
   "How would you know?" The king replies with a huff. He then turns to his guards and begins shooing them in the direction he intends to go. They quickly form an aisle and he walks through, likely back to the box to contemplate with the help of his wife. It would probably be her saying 'I told you so,' though technically she did.
   Dianna lightly murmurs about some people never changing, but it was unclear who she was talking about.
   "üś"
   Al ended up chasing Adria all the way to an emergency exit. Once wrenched open only an empty rainy plaza separated them. Adria seems to not care about the rain and simply continues walking.
   "Adria..."Al calls through the hum of the rain. "What is..."
   "Don't follow me." Adria shouts behind her continuing to shiver through the early spring rain. 
   "I can't do that."
   Adria turns and stares at Al with a tear-filled gaze, "Al, STOP!"
   With that command she again turns to run away but she is halted in place with a strong grip on her wrist. 
   "No." Al says shaking his head. "I won't."
   "You lied to me didn't you?" Adria cries ripping her hand from Al's grip. "Tell me the truth. Your memory, everything you told me, was any of it true?"
   Al pauses a moment before answering.
   "No. It wasn't true. I  possess all my memories." Al eventually says with a nod, confirming Adria's worst fear.
   "So then my father..."
   "The priest?" Al asks cocking his head.
   "Wha... No... The man in there. He put you up to all this right? He..."
   Al shakes his head rapidly. "Never met him before."
   "What? Then what's going on? Who even are you!? What is real in my life? Are you? Is Dianna? Oh, what am I saying, of course not. I'm sure she's been my dad's puppet since day one."
   "I'm not real." Al answers firmly. 
   "Don't tell me that." Adria cries over the now pounding rain. "I needed you to be real most of all."
   "I'm not. I'm not even human, or from this world." Al continues, looking at his hands with an unfamiliar expression.
   Adria looks at Al with an incredulous look. "What are you talking about? I'm being serious here don't joke around."
   A crack of thunder rings in the arena likely indicating another bout had begun.
   "I'm serious, I'm some sort of fake soul made in another world stuffed into a human body. I'm a machine, a gearbox, and experiment. I might as well be a golem." Al says nodding a head towards the arena. "It's the best comparison I can find. It's why things come to me so easy."
   "What are you saying? You're human. I've... I've seen it." Adria answers with a bit of blush growing on her cheeks. "You may be a bit..."
   "I'm really not." Al cuts in gripping at his chest. "The skin and bones might be human but up here, I'm not the same. Think about it, you know its true."
   "No. No, you sound insane Al. How is..."
   "Well even this now. I'm just reading along a conversation tree. Nothing about me is real. Everything is variables and subroutines. It's all cause and effect. It's all fake."
   Adria didn't seem to understand how to reply. She didn't have a clue what Al was talking about. "That doesn't make it fake. I... I fell in love with you, of course you're real. Of course you're human."
   "That's impossible." Al shakes his head denying her even that. "There's no 'me' to love. A human can't love a machine. What is there to love? The mannerisms I copied from the sixty eight body shape matches in Knobber hill? Or is it the words I've stolen from all your favorite books? I may as well have been hand tailored for you to fall in love with."
   "Stop." Adria says shaking her head. "It won't change anything. Everyone works like that. Everyone is just... We are just pretending to understand what we are doing. Playing a part we want to play. I don't care if you think it was a lie. It was real to the people you impacted, it was real to me."
   "But I..."
   "I thought I needed to help you, to protect you. I thought you needed me." Adria wipes her face of tears and smiles. "I think I was partially wrong. It was also me who needed you. You're a cure to the scar I've left bandaged. I don't care if you were dropped into my path by my father or a higher power. I don't care about anything else. I love you, It's the only thing I know is true." 
   "It's impossible." Al says shaking his head. "You can't love a machine. It will do nothing but bring you pain."
   "That's not true! I won't let you decide things for me, there's nothing I hate more than that!" Adria shouts punching Al in the chest. 
   Al hardly reacts to the hit, already used to much heavier fists in school. "It's true. I'm sorry."
   "Ah, well I didn't want to interrupt, but it seems I need to intervene again." Dianna's voice calls from behind the two. 
   "When did you..." Adria begins to ask with reddening cheeks. 
   "Never mind that. Jeez, always getting in trouble and making me clean it up." Dianna mutters waving a hand to Adria and freezing the raindrops in mid-fall. Stepping up besides Al she quietly whispers the words I relayed. "Al. Stop and reset. Re-categorize Jinx library data and everything relating to Golems to C quality. Purge conversation trees, thought processes, and anything contradictory from Professor Skepter. Al, follow your heart."
   Al's head drops without another thought. Quickly followed by the drowsy eye opening as he had the first day. 
   "There. You're all fixed. If only convincing her had been this easy." Dianna says swiping at Al's hair and returning him to facing Adria before vanishing into soft mist and restarting the rain.
   Adria for a moment was confused but her mind filled in the memories Dianna erased quickly 
   "I'm... Am I really allowed to love?" Al asks, generating the conversation tree on the fly. "Is that what this feeling is?"
   "Mhm, you can. Al you are a human, same as me." Adria nods
   "..."
   "Look at me Al." Adria says stepping closer and raising his head forcibly.
   "I can't." Al replies after glancing up once with his eyes.
   "Why?"
   Al again glance up at Adria's soaking wet form. "Because your dress, it's..."
   "I think that reaction means you are human." Adria says smiling again. "And well, I don't mind if it's you."
   Al, doing as he's told turns his head up to face Adria head on. His cheeks tint a light pink involuntarily.
   "Would you say 'yes' if I said 'let's just run away again'? Maybe another country or another continent?" Adria asks resting her head onto Al's shoulder.
   "Yeah." Al replies with a nod.
   "I thought so." Adria says with a sigh. "And what if instead I asked you to go back inside with me? Would you say yes? Would you support me, in seeing my family again. And dealing with whatever should come of that."
   "Of course." Al again nods. "Although I'd suggest getting a towel first."
   Adria chuckles lightly before continuing her interrogation. "And what if, after I get a towel, I'm convinced to come back? To stay here. To become a princess again. Would you still stay with me?"
   "Yep."
   "I see." Adria replies mulling over the various options she had given. "Somehow they all feel like good options now."

   
CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

   "Delores?" I ask glancing at the hallway. 
   "Yes?" She quickly answers, popping a head through the doorway. "Are you all finished for the day?"
   "Yeah. It was a good day." I respond with a nod. 
   "Ah, may I just say I will definitely do better tomorrow."
   "Oh, you did fine, it was your first day. I was just stressed this morning, don't mind me." I explain with a wave of my hand. "Right, before you leave would you mind just watching over my office for a few minutes?"
   "Sir?" Dolores asks with a cocked eyebrow.
   "Ah, I just wanted to stop in to see some friends. It won't take long. There is just something I need to do."
   "Stop in?"
   "Right, a friend's place I probably owe her a few favors."
   "I... I'm confused why do I need to watch over your office if..."
   "I'm heading to a terrestrial realm. This one, to be precise" I say indicating to the glass orb on the desk. "I want you here so the door doesn't close on me on accident."
   Dolores still seems somewhat confused but I am able to get her cooperation after a few minutes. This all would be long done already if she had just kept her questions for after. But I can understand her confusion, she's new. 
   With a nod I reach towards the desk and touch the small glass orb I had been staring into over the past few hours. I hear Dolores gasp but the sound was quickly replaced by the sound of the wind.
   I'm outside now. I know the general area but I still can't help getting a bit turned around, normally I see it from a third person perspective. Its strange to see these trees as massive. 
   The distance is actually further than I expected. Another piece of hindsight. Oh well.
   "I should hurry, I don't want to be late."
   "Oh? Maybe I can help then?" A man headed in the opposite direction as I, says pulling on the reigns of his golem.
   "Well... You're heading in..."
   "If your headed for the capital you're going the wrong way." The man points over his back in the direction I had chosen. "Closest town that way is a hundred miles."
   "Damn. I was sure I was going the right way." I mutter under my breath nodding to the man and turning around.
   "Ah, well you want a ride? You said you were in a hurry right?" The man says snapping the reigns and catching up with my hurried pace quickly.
   "You don't mind?" I ask hesitantly continuing my pace.
   "Not at all. I'm in a hurry too matter-a-fact, if you ride with me you'll get in quick."
   "Oh? Well I have no reason to refuse. Thank you."
   "Don't mention it." The man says rubbing his scalp. "Really, though. Don't. If the guards think you aren't with me they won't let you in."
   "Ah, well. That wouldn't be good."
   "Exactly." The man nods snapping the reigns twice to get full speed from the horse golems.
   We rode in silence for a few minutes until eventually I cracked. 
   "Why would you pick up a stranger? Especially if you are in such a hurry. I mean not only did you slow down to tell me I was going the wrong way, you stopped to pick me up."
   "Ah, well it just kind of felt like something I should do. Just a feeling really."
   "I see."
   "So where are you heading in such a hurry old timer?"
   "To see some old friends."
   "I see. I see." The man says smiling and rubbing his chin. "A happy reunion or a sad one?"
   "Right, it's always either a wedding or a funeral isn't it." I nod with a smile of my own. "It's a happy one this time."
   "Ah if I didn't know better I'd think we were headed to the same place." The man points to the large crate behind him on the wagon. "This is a gift for some big wedding apparently. Pretty weird though, who sends a cat beast kitten and its mother as a wedding present. Priests these days man..."
   "Mhm. Yeah we may indeed be heading to the same place." I mutter with a smirk. 
   The man, either not believing me or maybe just not hearing me didn't bother replying. 
   I remember him now. He was one I sent here a few weeks ago. To him it's a forgotten memory from before his birth but I remember judging his spirit. I remember seeing a light of hope in it's darkness. 
   I made the right choice. This wagon is a huge time saver.
   "üś"
   "Ma'am." A guard whispers to the royal wedding planner, sending a glance in my direction. "This man wants to get in, but he isn't on the list."
   "If they aren't on the list what's the problem? Kick 'em out." Dianna replies with a frown. 
   "But..." The guard protests internally. "It feels wrong to turn this person away."
   "What are you..." Dianna asks glancing in the direction of the entrance where the guard was assigned. "Oh... Let him in."
   "Yes, ma'am." The guard replies with a grin. Nearly sprinting back to me to give me the good news.
   I nod to the guard and meander through the bustling crowd towards 'Dianna'.
   "Why are you here?" She asks with a frown. "I'm on vacation, can't you leave me alone for a few centuries?"
   "Sorry, sorry. I just figured I should come down to apologize for handing 'Al' off to you."
   "That's right you caused a lot of trouble" My favorite secretary scoffs. "I should have figured you would. Well then..."
   "What?"
   "Your apology?"
   "I already gave it."
   Again Joyce scoffs in the youthful appearance. 
   "You should wear this more often." I say glancing up and down her with a grin.
   "Ugh." She again sighs. "My one vacation. And I have to deal with all this?"
   "You looked like you were having fun though." I prod with a shove. 
   She rolls her eyes and scans the room. "We can talk about that later. I have a wedding to start. Take a seat. Somewhere you won't get seen. I will get in so much trouble if you get caught."
   "Can't you just fix things with your..."
   "Just sit!" She shouts as she walks away. 
   I follow her instructions and choose a skinny bench near the back of the room. I should have just watched this from my office. The view would have been better.
   Slowly the room turns from a babble of conversation to a quieter murmur. Eventually a man dressed in long robes enters the room and knocks a stack of papers together drawing the attention of the guests.
   "We will soon begin the marriage ceremony of Princess Adria Kingston, and Royal Researcher Al Thirteen. Official complaints can now be lodged." The priest says glancing around the room.
   A few younger men grumbled but no one stood. I secretly release a sigh of relief. No one should interrupt this ceremony, or they'll face my wrath.
   "Then without further ado." The man says extending a hand in a broad gesture. "Ladies and gentlemen. I thank all of you for coming this far. What we are celebrating today is more than just a wedding but our gratefulness for the return of our great country's Princess. The rings these two will exchange today represent more than a marriage of man and woman, they represent a certain eternity in their shape. For thousands of years, even before the fall of the kingdoms of the great before loved ones have exchanged these symbols. They mean more than..."
   Half the crowd was nodding off by the time he finished his long speech. He talked about love, sacrifice, growth. It was a long winded but eloquent speech. I didn't cry though. Don't listen to what Joyce says, I didn't.
   After the priest, Al and Adria make their way down the long hall leading to the chamber. Everyone watches them enviously as they step through the rows of seats. They eventually reach the priest and stand across from each other. On Adria's side stood Dianna, the king, as well as a young boy in a tiny tuxedo. Al on the other hand was alone.
   He was occasionally glancing around the room searching for something. 
   As if on cue, a man hurried up to the priests side and whispered something even I couldn't hear.
   "I see." The priest replies nodding. 
   Is someone trying to incur my wrath? Because I'll incur it.
   "Ladies and gentlemen if you will wait one moment it seems Al's best man has been found."
   Wha... 
   I was speechless. He couldn't mean me right? How would he even...
   "The honorable Mr. Fred. Ladies and gentlemen." The priest says extending a hand towards the side of the room where a man carried a pillow topped with a small cat.
   I quickly returned to my seat but it seems I wasn't quite quick enough to cover up my embarrassment.
   Al was staring directly at me with a look of shock. Few of the guests even looked in my direction following his gaze.
   His expression turns to happiness as he looks to Adria and says something.
   She nods and explains to the priest. The priest sighs and again cleared his throat to make an announcement.
   "Change of plans ladies and gentlemen it seems Al now has a groomsman as well."
   "üś"
   "How did you know who I was? Or better yet Dianna?" I ask Al after the ceremony concluded. Adria and Dianna were off chatting with a few girls their age. Or Adria's age I suppose. 
   Al sipped from a long stemmed cup and glanced at me blankly. It was a familiar look but I had never truly experienced it before. It was as if he were looking through me.
   "The color. Both you and her have it. Its unlike anyone from this place." He eventually answers shutting his eyes and tipping the grape juice to his lips again.
   "Color? Of what?"
   He seems to weight his option for a moment before eventually setting the glass down and looking at me once again. "More like, a feeling I guess."
   "A feeling?"
   "Mhm, the same one from back then."
   "So you do remember all that. You scared me for awhile there. I thought maybe HR didn't get the memo about your memories."
   Al shakes his head to nullify the fear. "No, they did well. Thank them for me."
   "Sure." I nod with a smirk. "So you are happy here? Have you learned anything?"
   "Countless things." Al answers with a shake of his head. "And there is so much more."
   "So you are happy?"
   At this, Al pinches his face in thought. I didn't think it was that hard of a question. It is his wedding day after all. I would think it's a no-brainer. But I suppose it's no surprise that Al is strange. Not to mention the wedding was somewhat forced upon the two of them.
   "What is happy?" Al asks after a few moments. "I am in a place where I can learn so much. There is endless works I can base myself off of now. But I still feel like I'm hitting a wall."
   "Hmm? In what?" Had I missed that much while preparing to come? Last I saw Al was in a good place, he was basically leading his classes and had even completely revolutionized modern golem construction. 
   He actually modeled the new golems very similar to his own original framework. They had 'processing cores' which contained the necessities for magic conversion as well as 'memory cores' which could contain thousands more lines of runes than an ordinary copper rune plate.
   "Al can I ask you something?" I eventually ask after he leaves my earlier question without a proper response.
   "Mm." Al blankly nods.
   "Are you worried about your last protocol? It's why you are so focused on golems isn't it?"
   Al nods without a word. He again grips the cup and finishes it without a flinch. "I need to recreate my code. Especially the more recent updates. If catastrophic failure were to happen to this..."
   "You mean if you die?" I insert for him, attempting to remind him of his humanity. "But you know if you are able to recreate your code in a golem it won't be you. Really I think you are just looking at this wrong. I won't give away too much but I think this is something you need to ask your wife about."
   "My wife?" Al asks with a curious glance.
   "Yes." I answer with a frown, pointing in the direction of Adria.
   "Ah. Right." Al nods with a sheepish grin. "Of course."
   Adria and Dianna seem to notice our glance so they exchange quick bows to the girls around them and begin walking towards us.
   "Save that question for later tonight though." I remind him with an elbow to the gut.
   Al nods, unsure of my exact meaning but nonetheless willing to ask.
   "Boy talk?" Dianna asks after stepping up to the two of us. 
   She knows me well. Even as Dianna she still reads my mind like Joyce did.
   "Something like that." I nod with a grin. 
   "So Dianna tells me you are her boss. And here I thought Dianna wouldn't listen to what anyone says." Adria smiles playfully shoving the longtime friend.
   "Ah well I was her boss. She's on leave right now." I answer attempting my best to match her alibi. She does realize how strange it sounds for a Royal Mage to have a boss, right?
   "Paid leave." Dianna corrects with a wag of her finger.
   "I don't remember agreeing to that." I frown with a glare. "Fine then. But it's on my time scale, not yours."
   "Wah... But..." Dianna complains defiantly. Eventually realizing her location she swallows her argument with a grimace. "This isn't over."
   "I wouldn't dream of thinking it was." I grin back to her. 
   "You two get along well." Adria smiles gripping Al into a half hug. "I suppose I know who I'm aiming for when I throw the bouquet."
   At this Adria laughs loudly and flags a server with a tray of drinks. 
   "To that." Adria laughs holding a glass in the air. Me, Dianna, and Al all follow her motion and sip from the drink at her toast.
   Dianna and Adria sigh refreshingly after the wine while Al and I grimace and exchange reluctant glances.
   "Ah. You know it's treasonous to toast before the king." A boisterous voice calls in our direction. 
   "He's right." Al nods.
   "Shuddup" Adria sneers with a grin like a Cheshire cat. 
   "More treason." The king again chastises with a flick on the head.
   Adria quietly prods her red forehead with puppy eyes flashing at Al. Al in turn shoots a glare at the king who simply waves it off.
   "Al I want to be the first to welcome you to the family. Or well, second I suppose." The king says with a wide smile. "Ross was being a bit fussy so him and Lauren are back at home but I know they are with me when I say we wish you the best of luck. Once you are settled in come stop by for dinner or something."
   "Thank you sir." Al answers with a nod. "That would be nice."
   "Ah, you'll love it Al. I missed nothing more than the stew the maids made every night back in the castle."
   "You know the stew was supposed to be for the support staff only." Dianna prods with an elbow.
   "Meh." Adria shrugs, "It was more fun eating with them."
   "Adria!" Dianna again prods eyeing the king.
   "Ah, it's no worry. I have to admit eating at that massive table with so few of us was somewhat depressing. But it's not just the three of us anymore. And we have a smaller table"
   "Get some of that stew and we will be getting close" Adria giggles.
   "We did actually. I had Maggie make it after you left. You were right. It's better than what we were eating. I felt kind of silly thinking about how much money we wasted on those nightly banquets."
   At this Adria couldn't respond. She had no complaints.
   "Right, I also wanted to introduce myself to..." The king begins, looking in my direction.
   "Ah..." I hesitate attempting to come up with a believable name. I hadn't even thought about that. I have countless names I've used before, but coming up with one off the cuff is tough. 
   "This is Al's adoptive father, Calvin Thirteen. He wasn't with Al long but his time was very influential on Al." Dianna explains without missing a beat. "I was surprised he came. He's impossible to track down."
   Adria gives a weary glance at both Dianna and I. She then turned to Al who shrugged without a clue.
   "I see." The king nods extending a hand to me. "It's a pleasure. You raised a good kid. I could tell that just from talking to him once."
   I hesitantly shake the extended hand. "Well, he mostly raised himself to be honest. I just gave him the framework... some of the framework"
   "In any case. I want to thank you. If not for your boy I don't think me and my daughter would have ever had the talk we needed to have. I couldn't have made the apology I needed to make." The king says with a gracious bow. "Thank you."
   "Ah really I didn't..." I pant shaking my head. "That's all Al. I had no part in that."
   "As humble as Al. I see where he gets it." The king smiles patting my back heavily.
   I doubt it was from me. Al just doesn't have the same ego psychology that we have. But I suppose I can't tell him that.
   Perhaps this is one of those 'just accept the compliment' moments.
   Probably.
   Meanwhile the king had moved onto Al and was probing him for future plans. Likely to see if they coincide with his own.
   "So what are you going to do now?" The king asks with a raised brow. "Plan to take home the summer tournament as well?"
   "For now I have no plans." Al explains with a shrug. "Oh, well later tonight I will be asking Adria about reproduction." 
   "Wh..." Adria and Dianna both sputter at the comments. The king on the other hand simply laughs while I bury my head into my hands.
   "As one should on their wedding night." The kings laughs patting Al's back. "I love your honesty."
   "Me too." Adria agrees after fanning the redness out of her cheeks.
THE END
1
13.AI

